Dr. Khalifa: And this is not the first time, Ihsan was in Washington and I was talking to her or
something, and they were doing the same thing, the same Quranic study as we were doing here, same place.
(unintelligible) Exactly the same place.
This Sura is entitled "The Moon."
As you know, the name of the Sura reflects the most important component in that chapter, and we find it in the first verse.
It is one of the prophecies regarding the end of the world.
[54:1] When the hour approaches, the moon will split.*
And this prophecy already happened in the early 70s.
You can go right now to Flandreau Observatory and see a piece of the moon there.
So, if this is not the splitting of the moon, I don't know what is.
People think of the splitting of the moon like the moon will be two of them, or be cut in half.
But the moon is split in that we went to the moon and we brought, what, a pound or two of moon material.
So, this prophecy has been fulfilled.
I think there are just two prophecies that remain unfulfilled.
One is the smoke that will envelop the whole earth, and the other is Gog and Magog. That's the last one.
Gog and Magog will be about 9 years before the end of the world, according to the Quranic calculations.
In our, in our generation, we've witnessed two, two prophecies fulfilled, this one, the splitting of the moon, and the mathematical code of the Quran, which
probably will take the world maybe 10 more years to really appreciate the fact that we now have physical evidence
for the existence of God, and for the authenticity of the Quran as the Word of God,
that it is mathematically composed beyond human ability.
And this is something, one sign that came right out of this mosque, as you know.
Number 2,
[54:2] Yet, whenever they see a sign, they turn away saying, "This is obviously magic."
I just don't know what it will take for the human race to believe, to believe in God, or to believe anything, I mean.
For example, they are waiting for the second coming of Jesus, which will not happen until the Day of Resurrection.
But just imagine if Jesus showed up today and said "I'm Jesus Christ", what will they do?
If somebody showed up and when he's really Jesus Christ, and he said "I am Jesus", what will they do?
What is it that will prove to them that he is the Messiah to the people?
I think they'll first put him in the crazy house, and then, they'll crucify him all over again.
Because we've been witnessing the mathematical composition of the scriptures now.
It is physical evidence. There is nothing more physical than mathematics. It is way beyond the human ability,
but we still see people resisting it. They call, they say "this is obviously magic."
Just what will it take for them to believe the Messiah if he shows up?
Or the Mahdi, or whatever they are expecting.
Number 3,
[54:3] They disbelieve and follow their own opinions, and what they could physically sense.
From very early, they said "Let us see God. We have to see God. Show us God."
They don't realize that they cannot see God.
They don't... They are not... This whole earth cannot stand the presence of God, as we learn from the Quran in 7:143.
The whole earth will, will crumble if God came close enough.
Cause I think Satan played a trick on the human race, told them "God is infinite",
which sounds appealing to the believer, but it is not. Cause "infinite" means God is here.
And we learn from the Quran that God is not here, physically.
God controls every atom in the universe, but by remote control, every single atom.
We know that the world will end, will actually end, when God physically comes towards this universe.
The sun will crash into the moon. All the stars will crash into each other, because they cannot stand the physical presence of God.
And this leads us to understand the mechanism of preparing to meet God.
How can we prepare to meet God? God left it completely up to us.
If we worship God, develop our soul, feed the soul, just like we feed the body breakfast, lunch and dinner,
if we feed the soul, we will be prepared.
Those who fail to prepare themselves will run away from God, on their own, going to Hell. God does not put a single person in Hell.
Not one. But they go there on their own volition, because they did not, they failed
to feed their soul every day, like they feed their body. They're feeding the wrong entity,
the entity that dies and goes to dust. And they fail to nourish the eternal entity, the real person.
What is the difference between a living person and a dead person?
Let's take a person five minutes before he or she dies. What is the difference between that person and ten minutes later?
This one is alert, intellectual, talks, walks. The other one is still. What happened between the two?
The person departed. There is no more person in the body.
That's what death is. Okay, that person that left, what does he or she look like?
That's, it's invisible to us right now, but when we move to that other dimension, we will see.
The soul does not feel the starvation or the hunger, but the body does.
And when the separation happens, separation of the soul from the body, that's when all the starvation will be felt.
It's too late then. So, this is why God tells us, teaches us all these things, so we'll prepare.
Repeatedly, God says in the Quran, He does not inflict an atom's worth of injustice.
He told us exactly what to do, how to be able to stand His presence,
how to make it so we can rejoin His kingdom and be with Him, and what is it that causes us to run to Hell on our own.
Number 4,
[54:4] They have received enough knowledge to set them straight.
Isn't this what I just said?
[54:4] They have received enough knowledge to set them straight.
But they ignore it, don't they?
Unfortunately.
Because they only believe in the physical.
They will agree with you that this body is not them. This body, this is not me.
You're not looking at me, you are looking at my body. But I am invisible to you. We are all invisible. We are looking at the garment, the body.
[54:4] They have received enough knowledge to set them straight.
God has been telling them "you must feed yourself, not just your garment, your body."
You must nourish yourself, and God gave us exactly how to prepare and what is the food for the body, for the person.
‘Alaykum Al-Salaam
Number 5,
This knowledge that was given to us is great wisdom.
[54:5] Great wisdom has come to them; but the warnings seem to be useless.
The warnings are useless.
I mean, we see our parents, grandparents, and so on, they came here and left.
Where are they now? How rich are they?
Are we gonna be like them and neglect ourselves?
They neglected them.., most of them neglected themselves.
[54:5] Great wisdom has come to them; but the warnings seem to be useless.
If there was any wisdom in the human race, we'll have half a million people in this mosque to study the Word of God and to know how
our Creator is telling us to prepare ourselves for the eternal life. This is not... this is, this is zero.
You divide any number by infinity and you get zero.
So, this world here is zero, it's gonna pass.
Since it's gonna pass, it doesn't mean anything. Just think of the last 20 years, where did they go?
The last 20 years, what happened to them?
And so, it will be on the last day of our lives.
It will seem like nothing, like zero. And what counts is the eternal life.
How will you look like? What will you look like? Are you gonna be prepared?
Did you feed your soul breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day?
Are you gonna be shrunk or well-developed and nourished?
The warnings, great wisdom has been given to them, but the warnings seem to be useless.
We understand now that the reason is that the human being is stubborn
and still holding to that blasphemy that we did long time ago, billions of years ago,
and caused us to come here for a second chance.
So, apparently, the vast majority of people are still holding to that
idea that God alone is not enough, that you must have Jesus or Muhammad or Mary or somebody besides God.
We're still, we're still upholding that blasphemy.
So, every page of the Quran is warning us to snap out of it and redeem ourselves,
and go back and rejoin God's kingdom by upholding His absolute authority.
Number 6,
[54:6] Therefore, leave them alone; the day will come when the caller calls them to something terrible.
All we can do is deliver the message, the truth.
Number 7,
[54:7] Their eyes will be humbled as they come out of the graves like swarms of locusts.
You notice this is talking about the people who did not heed God's warnings. They'll be like locusts.
Remember we talked about the three stages of the caterpillar?
The worm is earthbound, then it goes into the grave, the pupa, and the cocoon. The cocoon is the grave, and then it comes out like what?
A beautiful butterfly, the believers, or an ugly moth, or a locust. It all depends on what we did here.
God is giving us a perfect analogy.
But this verse seven talks about people who failed to heed the warnings.
Number 8,
[54:8] They will be obeying the caller. The disbelievers will say, "This is a difficult day."
Because they will discover that they did not prepare for that Eternal Day.
It's like the day of graduation when you can tell people that you passed and you failed.
You tell some "You passed", and you tell others "You failed."
Except here, when we fail, we can always make it up, we can try again, but not over there.
When we are born into the Hereafter, it's an irreversible process. We have...
People who blew their chance here cannot, they cannot get another chance.
In fact, God says if He gives them another chance, they will do exactly the same thing
all over again, because as soon as they move back to this dimension, they forget.
They don't, they have no recollection whatsoever of the other dimension. Just like we don't remember now.
We have no recollection at all of being in the other dimension, which we were.
The concept of the original sin in Christianity that some Muslims attack is really true.
The original sin, we sinned, every single one of us, we blasphemed against God. That's why we are here.
This is halfway house to Hell.
But God is giving us a chance to redeem ourselves.
Number 9,
[54:9] Before them the people of Noah have disbelieved. They disbelieved our servant and said, "Crazy!" He was rejected.
Number 10,
[54:10] He implored his Lord, "I have been humiliated; give me victory."
[54:11] Whereupon we opened the gates of the sky, pouring water.
[54:12] Springs gushed out from the earth. The waters met according to predetermined judgement.
[54:13] We carried him on a craft of wood and nails.
Now, here's the truth about Noah's Ark. As you know, Satan and his assistants distorted this story beyond all reason.
First of all, they made the flood universal, which is not true.
They had this fantastic ark that he built with so many cubits.
so many... And, and then, they had him put all animals on the ark.
All these are lies. They're not true. We have the truth now.
The flood was local around where the Dead Sea is now. The Dead Sea is many hundreds of feet below sea level.
It's a very depressed area surrounded by mountains and mesas.
And that was the whole world for them. That was their whole world.
And the, the flood didn't last 40 days, like they think.
And his ark was simply logs tied together with primitive ropes.
He and his family and his animals, the things they needed for milk and eggs and wool and so on, were with him on that raft.
All it took was a couple of hours.
And as usual, God teaches us by practical real-life experiences. In 1981, I was in Algeria, and they had this flash flood
that wiped out a whole town.
Hundreds of people died, and I saw it on TV.
Douglas, this is your paper. It's an important letter.
But (unintelligible)
I put it here for you, but you forgot.
So, this is the story of Noah and his ark set straight.
Dr. Khalifa: And the number of missions of astronauts and people going to Mount Ararat in Turkey, you know, so many thousands of feet up, looking for the Noah's ark, and you feel sorry for them.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's a lot of money for tourism. A woman: Yeah, right.
Dr. Khalifa: And you look on their programs, they bring a piece of rock or something and say "this is a piece from Noah's ark."
I mean, it was just, there is no reason whatsoever that says "this is a piece of Noah's ark."
They haven't brought any convincing evidence whatsoever. I just don't see what... I guess they get grants from the government and
Dr. Khalifa: Rockefeller Foundation and so on, if they write, they say these things.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, I'm not aware of it.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You know there were rainbows before Noah. Even before Adam.
Any time there is rain and sunlight, you have a rainbow. It has nothing to do with that.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right, but not mountains.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It doesn't say mountain. Judea.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The Quran is telling you exactly where Noah's ark crashed in. In Judea.
You hear about Samaria and Judea?
The West Bank.
It's right there, where Israel is.
But the Quran is telling you exactly what Noah's ark is.
And this is proven by mathematical code. We know it is true.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Why?
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and they're looking for it in Turkey. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't know how long it'll take him to realize that it's here, everything is here. It will save him a lot of trouble.
Are there any questions on these first 9 verses about Noah and his ark?
A man: What's the (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Noah was very very early in the, in human history.
So, I would say maybe 10,000-12,000 years ago.
See, the whole human population was in the, that Palestine, what is Palestine or Israel.
That was the whole human population. So, you can imagine how close they were to Adam.
In the sequence of messengers and prophets in the Quran, he's the first one after Adam. Noah was right after Adam.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, because there are too many. They're not relevant.
The Quran says "there are messengers I told you about and messengers I didn't tell you about." Because they are not relevant.
Dr. Khalifa: Quran mentions only the relevant messengers.
A woman: How about Abraham? Was he after Noah, Noah and Adam?
Dr. Khalifa: Like 8,000 years. Yeah. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Noah was by 4,000 years ago, maybe less than that. So he's relatively recent.
A woman: Who was 4,000 years ago? Dr. Khalifa: Abraham.
A woman: Oh, Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: If you want to really see that history, maybe I should copy that, or if any of you goes there,
make a copy of it. Not a copy, because you cannot. At the synagogue on country club,
they have a history of the earth. And these events are on the history. So, if you can go there,
make a note of it. Take a piece of, piece of paper and pencil, and draw. They have the years and everything.
When Noah is and when Abraham is and Moses and all that.
So, I may make a special trip and
Dr. Khalifa: write that down. But it's a beautiful, it's illustrated in color, a very nice presentation.
A man: Do they (unintelligible) scientific (unintelligible)? Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's pretty accurate.
It's right in the entrance. So, I'm sure they'll not mind you going there.
Just follow the Quranic rules and go and say "hello." Tell them what you're there for, you wanna look at it.
They'll be glad to show it to you.
Any other questions? Ahmad Rayan, you must ask a question.
You scratched your face.
Sold.
Yes. Where have you been, Apamea?
Dr. Khalifa: I haven't seen you in weeks.
Apamea: Naghmeh.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, Naghmeh. Naghemeh.
Yeah, you know, Apamea has been here. Naghmeh, I mean. See? We already forgot your name.
Naghmeh: No, I was here last week.
Dr. Khalifa: I was not here. That doesn't count.
Go ahead.
Naghmeh: Abraham (unintelligible) after Noah and all those. (unintelligible) said that Abraham is the founder of
Dr. Khalifa: Islam. Naghmeh: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Islam.
Abraham is the founder of Islam.
Naghmeh: Not God alone? I mean, God alone is... Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no.
Dr. Khalifa: The concept of Submission, total submission to God, was Abraham's... Of course, was inspiration from God, but he's the one who coined the phrase.
Naghmeh: That came up in your talk (unintelligible). Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, Catherine.
Catherine: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He made a covenant with God. Yes.
Catherine: The first (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The first covenant on earth, yes.
And that is mentioned in chapter 2, Abraham's covenant.
Now, we have a lousy index at the end of this book,
because we did it in a half hour, but you may look at Abraham there and see the first mentioning of Abraham, and you will find the covenant there. It is mentioned.
Any other questions? Okay, number 11,
[54:11] Whereupon we opened the gates of the sky, pouring water.
By the way, the Arabic literature here of 11 and 12 are just super, super extraordinary beautiful.
I mean, no... I don't, we could not put it in English. So, I don't know if this really reflects the Arabic.
[54:11] We opened the gates of the sky, pouring water.
[54:12] Springs gushed out from the earth. The waters met according to predetermined judgement.
This is pretty lousy English, but the Arabic is fantastic. I just don't know how to describe it to you.
It is untranslatable, but it is the highest standard of Arabic literature.
[54:13] We carried him on a craft of wood and ropes.
Make it ropes instead of nails.
They didn't have nails then. They haven't, they didn't invent nails until David, if you remember.
Number 14,
[54:14] It ran under our watchful eyes as a reward for the rejected messenger.
[54:15] We set it up as a lesson. Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
Number 16,
[54:16] How terrible was My retribution and warnings!
Number 17,
[54:17] We have made the Quran easy to remember. Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
And this phrase will be repeated a few times in this Sura.
Number 18, We move to some other people who disbelieved and in the end were destroyed because they incur that. They bring it on themselves.
[54:18] 'Ãd disbelieved. How terrible was My retribution and warnings.
[54:19] We sent upon them violent winds, on a day of continuous misery.
[54:20] It tossed the people as if they were decaying palm trees.
Over there, you don't have tumbling weeds. Tumble weeds? Is that the name? They have tumble decaying palm trees. Palm trunks.
[54:21] How terrible was My retribution and warnings!
[54:22] We have made the Quran easy to remember. Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
So, what do we learn from this?
We learn from this that when the human being persists in ignoring God's
warnings and teachings which are for our benefit, God doesn't need them at all.
God doesn't need us. God doesn't need anybody. When we ignore those, we incur retribution, inevitably.
There is no such thing in God's kingdom. If you follow God's commandments,
you're guaranteed perfect health, perfect wealth, perfect peace of mind. You're guaranteed.
No misery whatsoever.
This is repeated throughout the Quran and supported by the mathematical code.
But it takes a believer to believe that.
So, when these people continue to ignore God's warnings, they incur the retribution at the end.
There is a mechanism for it.
[54:22] We have made the Quran easy to remember. Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
The fortunate ones will learn from the Quran and will have perfect happiness here and forever.
And all this is backed by real life experiences.
[54:23] Thamûd ...
another group of disbelievers
[54:23] ... rejected the warnings.
[54:24] They said, "Shall we follow a man like us? We will then be wrong and stupid.
[54:25] "Was he chosen out of all of us to receive the message? He is a flagrant liar."
[54:26] They will find out tomorrow who the flagrant liar is.
[54:27] We sent the camel as a test for them. Just watch them and be patient.
[54:28] Tell them ...
This was directed to their messenger, Saleh.
[54:28] Tell them that the water shall be shared between them at specific times.
[54:29] They consulted their leader after receiving the message. He slaughtered the camel.
[54:30] How terrible was My retribution and warnings!
[54:31] We sent upon them one strike, whereupon they became like harvested hay.
[54:32] We have made the Quran easy to remember. Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
As you know, God's signs suited every age.
In that age, a camel that knew when to eat and when to drink and what day was a miracle for those people. They were dealing with camels a lot.
Dr. Khalifa: At the time of Moses, magic was a big deal. At the time of Jesus, healing the sick was a big deal.
A man: (unintelligible) damage or something.
A man: But if you're in public property, you can sit wherever (unintelligible) you want.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. A man: (unintelligible) whatever you want.
A man: You're (unintelligible). You can sit wherever you want.
A man: I mean, that guy that wears 666 on his forehead, is gonna change his kids I'm serious.
A woman: (unintelligible) A man: That's it.
A man: And that what makes it... that's, but it's founded upon the freedom of speech.
A woman: (unintelligible) like the fundamental (unintelligible). That's probably how (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Let's look at 41, Ok? Let's resume.
We'll take another break. 41 says,
[54:41] Pharaoh's people received the warnings.
[54:42] They rejected all our signs. And consequently, we punished them as an Almighty, Omnipotent can punish.
Because read another parts of the Quran about the plagues that the Egyptians suffered and they still didn't learn.
Every plague that came, they said to Moses "if you relieve this one, we'll believe." And as soon as told "relieved", they reverted.
43,
[54:43] Are your disbelievers any better than those? Did you receive a pardon in the scriptures?
So, God is saying "Are the disbelievers of today anything special? Why should they, why should they get away with it?"
Send the kids all inside.
43 is very important because it says that the same fate
that those disbelievers suffered, remember we had 1400 years without any messengers.
So, this is a crucial time.
There's a rule in Quran that says "we do not send retribution unless we send a messenger."
Sura 17
(17:15) وَمَا كُنَّا مُعَذِّبِينَ حَتَّىٰ نَبْعَثَ رَسُولًۭا
So, all the signs are here for a terrible, terrible retribution coming to the, the Muslim world.
44,
[54:44] Do they say, "We are victorious?"
[54:45] Indeed, they will be defeated; they will flee.
[54:46] The Hour awaits them. The Hour will be far worse and more devastating.
[54:47] The guilty ones are in total loss and stupidity.
Number 47.
[54:48] They day will come when they are dragged into the hellfire, forcibly. They have deserved the agony of retribution.
They have incurred the agony of retribution.
[54:49] We have created everything in exact measure.
Now, let me go back to this 49 and stop there for a while.
God says,
[54:49] We have created everything in exact measure.
And this includes the letters of the Quran.
Because the word here, the key word is "everything."
Everything was calculated. Everything is mathematically controlled, composed including you and me, your body, 209 bones, 19 x 11,
the full term fetus, 266 days in the womb, 19 x 14,
the sun, the moon, the earth lining up in the same position every 19 years. All these are scientific, established scientific facts with the same common denominator.
[54:49] We have created everything in exact measure.
I hope I can find a better translation for this verse.
Those who speak Arabic
(54:49) إِنَّا كُلَّ شَىْءٍ خَلَقْنَـٰهُ بِقَدَرٍۢ
كُلَّ شَىْءٍ Everything.
According to exact calculations.
We know now that the letters of the Quran, every single letter is mathematically composed.
Every single letter. And we have a few illustrations in the Quran with some profound unique spellings like "Mecca", see this is profound special word.
When it is written with "Becca", you know why it is "Becca" with a "B" instead of "M".
So, the key word here is "everything." See, your fingers are measured.
So, the middle finger is longer than the rest of them because when you, when you fold your fingers, they become the same, the same line.
They become equal. They're designed this way.
So, you can have a good fist.
If they're even here and then you fold your fingers,...
It's true.
Yes, you have a hole in there, you cannot hold anything.
M&Ms will fall through, you know.
They'll melt in your hand.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I mean, if your fingers were even at the top and you fold them, you cannot hold anything, it'll be like this.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They'll have to redesign.
They'll have to redesign M&M.
How about if you have just four fingers and no thumb?
There are many things you cannot hold. See, how you hold the radio here. You take it for granted, right?
But if you have only the four fingers, it's gonna be kind of difficult to (unintelligible).
Hey, wait a minute.
See?
You have to hold it like that.
This thumb is very important to hold things.
Everything was created by exact measure.
Now, don't ask me about your toes.
I don't know.
Let's look at 50.
[54:50] Whatever we will is done within the blink of an eye.
This is why when God tells you that if you follow His commandments, you're gonna have a perfect life,
you know that you're gonna have a perfect life.
That if, if you happen to contract cancer or AIDS or anything, God, in the blink of an eye can go and remove it.
Some of the angels are the best surgeons in the world.
Without surgery, without anesthetics, they will remove them.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm speaking from life experiences, Martha. Don't, don't, don't wonder about that.
Martha: I didn't.
Martha: I think (unintelligible)
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Really?
Dr. Khalifa: Alright. Alright.
I misread your eyes.
51,
[54:51] We have destroyed your counterparts. ...
Listen to this to the disbelievers.
[54:51] ... Is there anyone who wishes to learn?
[54:52] Everything they did is recorded in the scriptures.
[54:53] Everything, small or large, is written down.
[54:54] The righteous have deserved gardens and streams.
[54:55] They occupy an honorable position at the Omnipotent King.
You see, the Sura had to end with good news.
People who think that the Quran is full of Hell and fire and brimstone should know that the Quran equally mentions the Hell and Heaven.
They happen to see the place where they're going, that's why. They don't see anything else.
Dr. Khalifa: Are there any questions?
A woman: Dr. Khalifa, the last, there was a question about amino acids. A woman: Yeah, (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: What about amino acids?
A woman: Like, you were talking about the bones in the body (unintelligible).
A woman: Just, there's something information that you gave us about amino acids
A woman: You wrote down? A woman: I have it, I have it in my...
Dr. Khalifa: There's something important in our bodies, every, every creature. it's called messenger RNA.
Messenger RNA, its function is to go pick out an amino acid and link it with another one to create protein.
The messenger amino acid has a tail of 19 amino acids. This is what they discovered recently. So, it's God's stamp on it.
19 amino acids connected with it. So, apparently, messenger amino acid, messenger RNA has a tail of 19 amino acids,
Then, it goes and links with one and carries it to another, to the site of protein synthesis.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why they call it messenger RNA.
Dr. Sabahi: It has 19 amino acids in for...
Dr. Khalifa: RNA does not have any amino acids in. RNA are nucleic acids, adenosine, guanine, and all four bases.
So, these four bases are in there in different proportions and different systems, depending on what creature you're talking about.
But the messenger RNA links itself with amino acids because it carries it from one place to the site of protein synthesis.
So, apparently, they found out that the messenger RNA carries 19 amino acids with it, back and forth,
Dr. Khalifa: as it goes and links with one amino acid and brings it to the site of synthesis. This is why they call it messenger RNA.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, these are 19... No, these are not 19 different amino acids. These are 19 amino acids. Not, not 19 different amino acids.
There are 23 amino acids.
But the messenger RNA may have 3 tryptophans and 4 adenines and 6 other amino acids and so on.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they are not 19 of the same amino acids.
A man: Also, you're not right because, okay, they say that there are 20 basic different amino acids, right?
But actually, there are 19 because the 20th one is not amino acid, it's (unintelligible) acid.
A man: Therefore, there are 20 amino acids and one (unintelligible) acid.
Dr. Khalifa: 19 amino acids.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
A man: Well, you know, there's a ring that forms between the B and the carbon.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I think there's a bubble (unintelligible).
A man: It's called (unintelligible) acid. It's not called amino acid.
Dr. Sabahi: We don't have any other amino acid.
A man: No, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He's an organic chemist, so, it's okay. We have to use Mahmoud.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: Maybe, you provide (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He may be pronouncing...
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) acids (unintelligible). But the base is, there are 21 (unintelligible)
A man: Right. Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) amino acids.
Dr. Sabahi: And they have functional (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: So, amino acids (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: When we say (unintelligible), it would be like we're saying that an apple, and an orange...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, apparently, they discovered that one of them, Mahmoud, has a double bond somewhere that, that does not conform to the amino group.
Dr. Khalifa: The carbon, nitrogen, oxygen. Dr. Sabahi: No, 20 of them are (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right, but this is why they call it (unintelligible). Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: But the argument for (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: When you make a statement like this, if somebody doesn't know, that's fine. But if I go to a doctor, a biochemist, a scientist,
Dr. Sabahi: and tell him that (unintelligible) 19, and one's not a 19, it doesn't matter (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, this was an article in Science or Scientific American, I forget.
Dr. Sabahi: No, what you're saying is different. That's fine, but your argument was praised, and it was mentioned that there are 19 (unintelligible) amino acids. It's just wrong.
Dr. Khalifa: No, 23.
Dr. Sabahi: So, you know, what, what you said, and I have to admit because I haven't seen the article, it was worthwhile. But...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, we shouldn't just... Dr. Sabahi: Basically, that was the argument.
Dr. Sabahi: And then, going back and trying to figure out the claims, that's (unintelligible).
Dr. Sabahi: It was worse. Dr. Khalifa: You know, in this...
Dr. Khalifa: In this Quran, we have enough miracle, mathematical miracle to drown the whole world. So, you don't need to go to amino acids or anything else.
Dr. Sabahi: No, I guess, you know, chemistry, or biology, or biochemistry generally,
it is, it is, so fascinating that you can believe there is, it is God created, or can say other (unintelligible).
If you are a believer, you can see evidence that is working on a system that functions well,
that there's something bigger than you can imagine. Basically, you do research (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: and it is so fascinating and so believable that, you know, you don't need any reason like this to convince someone Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Sabahi: that this is God created, because if somebody wants to believe, he can see it there.
I was having an argument with (unintelligible), a discussion,
He was saying that he doesn't believe in God. I said "There's no way that by science, by chemistry, I can prove that there is God."
He wasn't saying... I mean, you can believe in it for other reasons. (unintelligible) the system is working, that there are reactions that are happening.
But, at the end, I asked him, was he atheist, he said "no, I'm agnostic." (unintelligible) heard of the word "agnostic."
Dr. Sabahi: But, generally, if you try to use scientific reasoning for proving there is a god, or this is, this is true, then you...
Dr. Sabahi: ... so many other strong evidences to prove that this is the Word of God, that this is the message of God.
Dr. Sabahi: That we shouldn't rely on those things that we don't have enough proof of. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: We don't have enough sound basis, yet. Dr. Sabahi: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: But here, there's no question about the mathematical code. 1 plus 1 is 2, you know.
Dr. Khalifa: It's, it is indisputable. Well, at least they can dispute it. It's incontrovertible. Because it's pure mathematics.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Sabahi: Going to what you said.
Dr. Sabahi: I, I've already (unintelligible) to book, which was written recently, which is,
in fact, it's the newest print (unintelligible), and it goes back to 1954, and what happened.
What you use in an argument, saying that (unintelligible) I can't go to Iran and preach that God is, Worship God alone. This is Quran and this is God.
Dictatorship (unintelligible) in prison (unintelligible) mistakes. You know, what happened to Mosaddegh at his time that he was trying to establish a
a democratic government, and CIA (unintelligible) , and then put back the Shah (unintelligible).
And then, created dictatorship, and so on, and then we ended up having this. The same thing is in Chile.
(unintelligible) so he said for the sake of argument "You tell me that this is the work of God, and whatever these people are doing is right?" I do buy that, because a lot of people are suffering because of the policies of the United States.
That doesn't make the United States government, the government of God or, (unintelligible) that the dollar sign is a sign of God.
(unintelligible) That makes it right. No, they do a lot of things wrong, which, again, that's something else.
With that argument, I think, it can go a long way. We can sit down and discuss a lot of things,
but these are facts that show that this is what has happened, and
we cannot use this argument to say that if I can go back over and say these things, then it is
Dr. Sabahi: because this country is better than that country, of course.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I tell you, this is the closest country to God, no matter how you look at it.
This reminds me of the argument in the Yemen parliament. Yemen is in such bad shape,
it's the only country that if Noah is resurrected today, he will recognize it, because it didn't change.
They had an argument in the parliament. "What do we do to solve our economic crises and problems and so on?"
And finally, one intelligent senator from Yemen came up with a great idea. He said "let's declare war on the United States."
And he convinced them, because if they declare war on the United States, the United States will go and invade them and take all kinds of care packages and will help them a lot.
Like that's what they're doing with Vietnam now.
So, this is the most kind and benign country in the world. They...
The Marshall Plan speaks for, and Europe was fantastic. Europe was dead after the war, and the Marshall Plan revived it.
Dr. Khalifa: You cannot blame the United States for Khomeini or Mubarak or any of those idiotic tyrants.
A woman: Rashad, CIA does state while it consistently (unintelligible) that the Americans don't like (unintelligible).
CIA does all those things, and it's not that (unintelligible) I know from the (unintelligible) I've read the paper here.
A woman: And it's been proven and so on, but CIA is an institution in itself (unintelligible) an independent country, and CIA is only a small part of it.
Dr. Khalifa: No, I don't like to talk about politics, but it's either you have the CIA or the KGB. So, the choice is
a country that gives you a lot of money, invades you to give you a lot of money and help you a lot and
give you education and the freedom to worship God, or a country that's oppressive and gives you communism and atheism and lack of freedom.
Look at Czechoslovakia.
So, the CIA has to... If they don't do it, the KGB will do it.
Dr. Khalifa: Ali.
Ali: Yeah. I was gonna say about the (unintelligible)
Ali: You're gonna die if you don't do a damn about it. I mean, this is a perfect country.
Ali: 1000 people die everyday (unintelligible). I mean, I have a friend who one of his friends is a gang member in L.A. And I'm not kidding this, I'm not just making this up.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, it's true but you see... Ali: And he said, and he said
Ali: "What you guys live with sounds as perfect. Do you guys think you get (unintelligible) problem? Because people will die thousands of times of gang wars every day."
Dr. Khalifa: You know what the basis of gang wars are, is?
Ali: What? Dr. Khalifa: It's drugs. Drugs.
Ali: Drugs, yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they're breaking the law.
Ali: There have been gang wars in other countries rather than the US.
Ali: I mean, (unintelligible) as USA is also (unintelligible).
Ali: I mean, I've gone to places where there's dope, like you've never seen it before.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ali: And there, there it is. I don't smoke it, but it is there.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. That's freedom, you see.
Dr. Khalifa: God says... God wants the people to be free to obey Him or disobey Him. Follow the commandments or break them.
Worship Him or not. Believe in Him or disbelieve in Him.
Drink or not. If you go in a country that says "nobody can drink alcohol",
now, are the people abstaining from alcohol because they're following God's commandment or the law of the land?
Dr. Khalifa: God wants the people to be free to drink if they want to.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Take drugs if they want to.
A woman: You're in favor of (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Who?
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: The Supreme Court decided that it is unconstitutional for a state to make it illegal to have abortion.
A woman: Now, they wanna reverse it so that states will again be allowed to say "it's illegal to have abortion."
A woman: What the Supreme Court had done, basically, was say "that's unconstitutional. It's against the women's choice."
Dr. Khalifa: Well, this is stupid. This is... The law has nothing to do with the people. The people will have abortions or not anyway. It depends on the individual.
A woman: But, so that...
Dr. Khalifa: Individual will make a decision to abort or not.
A woman: Just from what you're saying, then that would be (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: The Quran is in favor of absolute freedom. No interference from the government whatsoever.
It's extreme libertarianism. The Quran is for, for maximum freedom for the human being.
Dr. Khalifa: Otherwise, you cannot hold the human being responsible.
Francisco: (unintelligible) is this (unintelligible) your children will be afraid of, afraid of poverty.
Dr. Khalifa: Francisco, that's the least of their problems. Abortion.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Huh? Yeah.
A woman: If a woman makes a decision not to have an abortion, if you're right, then that's good. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: But if she doesn't have an abortion, because one: it's not available to her, because (unintelligible) in her country,
A woman: then, she doesn't have a choice, a right (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: A choice that has been made for her.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yeah.
A woman: In a sense, you almost don't have the opportunity to make it by choice. (unintelligible) for you.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, wait.
A woman: (unintelligible) abortion is (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: We have to quit before we're invaded by the children.
A woman: There's no (unintelligible) something is wrong. There's no (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: They're coming.
Audience: They're coming.
Dr. Khalifa: Children are coming.
Dr. Khalifa: Gatut is not feeling good.
Gatut, Gatut has some kind of illness or something.
He's not feeling good, so let us turn to God and God spoils us. God always answers our prayers.
We're gonna turn to God and ask Him to heal Gatut. We'll read Al-Fãtehah. And the brother who came at Juma'a today, he has some kind of a test or something.
He needs God's help. And also, as we pray Al-Fãtehah, as we read Al-Fãtehah, you ask for, for whatever your, your own wish is. God loves it when you pray to Him. Al-Fãtehah.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Congratulations.