Each soul joined in a community of worship.
One God.
La Elaha Ella Allah (There in no god but One God)
All equal before God, all united in this place of prayer.
Each individual soul joined in community of worship.
One God.
La Elaha Ella Allah (There in no god but One God)
Allahu Akbar (God is great)
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
Praise be to God and I bear witness that there's only One God. Allah.
Looks like the rain is delaying a number of people,
so, I'm gonna start with the less important subjects
and keep the important subjects to the second KUTHBA.
In this KUTHBA, I wanna talk about the subject for the Muslim Perspective that we will be preparing
IN SHAA ALLAH, in the next few days. One important subject is...
I don't know if it's a new idea,
but it's an idea called Universal Unity.
And I'm abbreviating it
U & U, Universal Unity through devotion to God alone.
The idea is that the Protestants are fighting the Catholics in Ireland.
The Jews are fighting the Muslims in the Middle East.
The Hindus are fighting the Sikhs in India.
The Sunnis and Shias are fighting each other in Iran and Iraq.
And there is one thing in common among all those people.
The Protestants, the Catholics, the Hindus, the Sikhs, the Muslims, the Sunnis, the Shias,
this one common bond is belief in God.
They all believe in God.
So, it dawned on me that if we rise above the human
factors.
If the human race rises above the human factors
such as Jesus, Mary, Muhammad, the saints and so on,
they will be united.
There'd be no reason to be different.
The reason the Sunnis are fighting the Shias is because they reverence different imams,
human factors.
The reason the Protestants are fighting the Catholics is
Martin Luther, a human factor.
The reason, the Mormons are Mormons is Joseph Smith and so on.
So, it is these human factors, Muhammad, Jesus, Mary, Joseph Smith
and so on that cause the differences.
If we focus on the one common linkage that is belief in God,
we will have One objective to love,
One objective to worship,
One and the same.
So, this is why I called it Universal Unity.
I finished a video program a couple of days ago.
I mean, the shooting of it.
I'll be editing it in the next two weeks.
And IN SHAA ALLAH would be showing it in Washington DC and New York, Boston, Cincinnati,
San Francisco, Los Angeles, the major centers,
and Chicago.
We got Chicago also.
So, the program will emphasize these points of differences and the one point of unity.
And I will be asking them to get together with us in promoting Universal Unity.
A complete name is Universal Unity through Devotion to God Alone.
And by the way, we're going to change this sign out there.
While studying this subject,
I realized that you can submit to somebody while hating his guts.
So, submission is not really a good word.
Devotion is a positive word.
So, we're going to change the sign and make it, Happiness is Devotion to God Alone.
This is a product of this Universal Unity idea.
This is one subject,
and I'm gonna put this in the Muslim Perspective on the back page.
On the front page, I'm going to talk about Polygamy which is a very popular subject.
I had a call from New York, Shaheed Ahmad, most of you knew her.
And they're having a big problem with New York Muslims abusing the law,
God's law, polygamy.
So, I want to start off by saying that we have laws,
Divine laws in the Quran.
Polygamy is one of them.
It is God's law.
It is allowed.
But I want to say that when we abuse God's law,
any of God's laws, the retribution is really not worth it.
The retribution is severe.
We can't cheat ourselves and justify things for ourselves.
But when we look at the subject of polygamy, our example
is the Prophet Muhammad.
Sometimes they accuse us that we do not follow the example of the prophet and this is a
lie.
But our example here, a perfect example, is the Prophet Muhammad.
He had one wife until she died for 25 years.
He had one wife.
All his youth, from the age of 25 to 50,
he had only one wife.
He had all his children from her, except one.
And after Khadija died, he married widows of his friends who had children to give them
his name.
He had a couple of political marriages that were actually forced on him.
Abu Bakar told him you have to marry my daughter.
You must marry my daughter.
So, he married Aisha.
And they lie, they say that he married Aisha when she was 9.
Well, even now when a girl is born in a family, they name her, her husband-to-be,
when she's still 9 hours old.
She's gonna marry, you know, some cousin.
So, this is happening now.
And this is what happened with Aisha.
But he did not marry her until she was a mature
woman.
That was a political marriage.
Another political marriage was his friend, Omar, who told him
you've got to marry my daughter, Hafsa, also. So,
But his marriages, after Khadija died, were all to
alleviate sorrow.
So, here's an important criterion for polygamy is that you alleviate sorrow.
You do not create sorrow.
I'm gonna put this in the Perspective.
So, somebody who wants to use this law has to be very careful not to abuse it.
And he has to use this criterion.
Am I creating sorrow or alleviating sorrow?
Will there be creation of pain or removal of pain?
This is one thing.
Am I driven by lust,
or am I driven by charitable feelings?
We have... we are very special people. We are people who
decided to worship God alone and follow His laws.
And we have to be the harshest on ourselves.
So, I'm going to write this on the front page of the Muslim Perspective.
I think these are all the criteria, I could think of.
But I think, we don't need to say anymore, once we think of the example of
the Prophet,
especially that he was living in a society, where polygamy was a way of life.
Every man had 20, 30 wives.
200 wives depending on how rich he was.
There was a way of life in the society.
In this society, it is not a way of life.
It is even illegal according to the laws of this country.
But it is the law is being abused everywhere.
I hear examples from everywhere in the country by Muslims.
And they are paying dearly because abusing God's law.
When you become a Muslim, you know better.
When you know better, the responsibility is multiplied manifold
and the retribution is really severe,
it's not worth it.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
The important subject, I want to talk about in this KUTHBA is, I was reading the Bible,
preparing this book about Jesus.
And in one place, Jesus tell the people your problem is that you do not know God.
And this happens to be the problem right now.
People do not know God.
So, I'm going to review with you some scientific facts that you already know.
Because if we know God, we will understand why every page of the Quran says God alone,
worship God alone.
And will understand the blasphemy of putting human
creatures anywhere near God.
We live in something called the solar system.
And our sun is 93,000,000 miles away.
93,000,000 miles away.
This is 93,000 times as much as from here to New York.
93,000 times, going to New York and coming back.
93,000 times.
That is how far the Sun is from us.
The light of the sun takes 4 minutes to reach us. That's the speed of light.
93,000,000 miles in 4 minutes.
The solar system has 12 planets, maybe more,
that they haven't discovered yet.
And this, the sun and the 12 planets around it, occupy a distance that goes to
4,000,000,000 miles.
Okay 4,000 million of miles.
This is our solar system.
Our sun is a star and, in our universe, there are a billion trillion stars.
This is stated clearly in the Quran
when God says, in SURA 40, that the creation of the heavens is a lot more difficult than
the creation of the human being,
if you can imagine that.
But see, we have a billion trillion heavenly bodies.
No, excuse me.
Only stars, because there are uncountable decillions of other heavenly bodies associated
with those stars.
A billion trillion stars in 1,000,000,000 galaxies.
All these are scientific facts.
1,000,000,000 galaxies.
Our galaxy is called the milky way galaxy.
And our next-door galaxy is 2,000,000 light years
away.
That's next door.
If you live 2,000,000 years and travel at the speed of light,
doing nothing else, just traveling at the speed of light,
you will go next door galaxy in 2,000,000 years.
There are a billion of those,
Billion galaxies.
And we learn from Quran that this...
Now, by the way, it'll take you something like a hundred billion years to
just count them,
not create them,
just to count the stars.
They do it scientifically by taking a picture at random of the sky
and counting
what's in the picture and then multiplying by the, they calculate the circumference of the
of the earth and the visible stars.
This is how they...
But if you count them, 1, 2,
and take one second per star to count,
it will take you a hundred billion years
day and night without stopping
just to count them.
Now, all this we're told in Quran is in the smallest and the innermost of 7 universes.
So, all this vastness is in the smallest universe.
Imagine 7 balls inside each other.
The 2nd universe is bigger.
The 3rd is bigger than the two.
The 3rd universe, the 4th, the 5th, the 6th, the 7th.
Can you imagine the circumference of the 7th universe?
How long is it, the circumference?
There is no number that can describe that.
We do not have... you know, at the time of the Quran revelation, they didn't count beyond 1,000.
And now, with our computers we do not have a number that will...
even if you estimate the differences between the 7 universes and be very conservative,
you still will not have a number that will describe the circumference of the 7th universe
in light years or millions of light years.
Infinity would be the closest and most honest description
of the circumference of the 7th universe.
If you go to the edge of our solar system, the earth will be almost invisible.
You have to use very, very powerful telescopes
in our solar system.
If you go to the edge of our galaxy, the earth is absolutely invisible.
And on this earth walked a man called Jesus or Muhammad.
So, the people do not know God.
They are unaware of who God is.
Because this infinity, the circumference of the 7th universe, we're told SURA 39, is held
within God's right hand.
This allegorical description, being withheld within God's right hand, is to tell us how big God is,
how great God is, and who God is.
Because it is not held within His hands. There's a difference between holding something like this or
like this inside.
How much space do you have inside your hand?
God is great.
And because of this greatness, God is capable of treating you as if you're the only creature
in the universe.
God has that capability and He does.
He's closer to you personally than your jugular vein.
God is great.
We cannot understand or encompass the greatness of God.
God is capable of treating every ant as if it is the only
creature in the universe.
Can you imagine the circulatory system of the ant, the heart of the ant?
It does have a heart and it beats.
It's not like our heart but it does have a
heart.
It has a circulatory system
and God controls that as if it is the only creature in the universe.
So, when God says, in SURA 53
God is the One who makes you happy or miserable.
God is the One who makes you rich or poor.
And when we raise the new understanding, which is absolutely essential for you to go to Heaven,
namely, God is doing everything.
We need to know who God is to understand and appreciate that statement.
God is doing everything.
The only thing we do is choose to be with God or with Satan.
This is it.
After that God takes over.
And God makes you rich or poor, happy or miserable.
God is doing everything.
However, misery comes from Satan.
But in accordance with God's will.
So, the Ultimate Doer is God.
And we bring the misery on ourselves.
We choose to put our finger in the fire or not.
So, when it hurts, it's because we chose to put our finger in the fire.
And it is God's law that when you put your finger in the fire, it hurts.
So, we bring the pain on ourselves.
So, if you have any problem of any kind, you just have to ask yourself
why do I have this problem?
And you have to dig and find out why and remove the
reasons.
You have to be honest with yourself.
Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar