Alhamdu Lillah, praise be to God
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And I bear witness there's no god except the One God.
Our topic today is a very important one, marriage in Islam. God has prescribed for us laws
to govern the important aspects of our lives and He left a lot of freedom for many other aspects in our lives.
And we're told that these laws are recommendations or Commandments. They are Commandments because we should do them.
And they are recommendations because we have the freedom not to do them
as long as we are ready to pay the price. God tells us in SURAH 10 verse 62
that if you follow these Commandments, you are guaranteed happiness, perfect happiness in this world
and tells us in SURAH 21 verse 142 that if you disregard these Commandments, you are guaranteed a miserable life.
So, it is very important for us to know these laws with regard to every aspect of
our lives and today I'm going to share with you the commandments dealing with marriage
There are two requirements that must be fulfilled.
for two people to get married and these are number one is love and we see this in SURAH 4 verse 24.
The Arabic is  فَمَا ٱسْتَمْتَعْتُم بِهِۦ مِنْهُنَّ 
the ones that you like, you get married to. So, love must exist between the two and this cannot happen without
good acquaintance with the person. You must know the person. You must know his or her habits
and you must know his or her temper. You must know his or her principles. You just... you must know
the person. You cannot love a person without knowing that person. So, this calls for a period
of acquaintance, getting to know each other and then based on that knowledge, you either
love the person or not and God tells you if you love the person then you get married.
God says that if this is the person intended for you, God will
put love in your hearts and this is SURAH 30 verse 21.
So, the first requirement before ever becoming intimate is love. You must know each other
very well and you must be in love with each other and God will help you along
if this is the right person. You don't love the person, that is not the right person for you.
The second requirement is dowry for the wife and we understand throughout the Quran
we understand from the Quran that the purpose of the dowry is security for the woman because in
many cases, you are taking a girl from her parents' house. Then, she becomes dependent on the husband.
This is the majority of wives in the whole world and you can't just throw her out after a year or two
because she's not the same person and after what the Quran calls a formidable oath
has been made between the two of you. So, the purpose of the dowry is security.
And this can be obtained by writing a contract and pay the dowry in advance or saying that if
divorce takes place or if the marriage breaks up, then the wife must be given a certain amount
of money that will provide her security. The Quran is very careful in this respect even where divorce...
In SURAH 2 verse 240 and 241, we see that divorcees must be given
alimony or some kind of security. In SURAH 65, the first verse says, very carefully, that you can't
kick the wife out of your house and this provides security for the wife. This is the divorced wife.
And you cannot even fabricate conditions and situations to make them so miserable that
they leave on their own. You must guarantee their house... their housing and staying with their children
and she will not be the man's wife. He cannot touch her, but she has to stay in that house.
She must be provided with security of housing, provisions and this is throughout the Quran. So, this is the
purpose of the dowry. These are the two conditions. There must be a sufficient period of time for the
two people to know each other and to satisfy the first requirement of love before becoming intimate.
What is being done now, what my parents did and what is happening in most Muslim
countries is they actually do the official marriage.
And then the now-husband and wife, they don't touch each other. They do not become intimate but this
marriage, official marriage gives them a chance to be together alone, hold hands, go places, know each
other and then after months or a year or years, the marriage is consummated. And of course during
this period, if it doesn't work out, they break up. They find somebody else and she is still a virgin
and she still hasn't lost her chances. This is how my parents got married. This is how my sister got married.
How long were you... you did the marriage first and then how long was it before consummating the marriage?
You didn't...
You did it the American way.
There were two years between كتب الكتاب which is the...
Oh, it was an engagement and then two years and then you did official marriage and the consummation
at the same time. So, you had two years of knowing each other. If I was in Egypt, you wouldn't do it....
I'm just kidding.
Oh, you didn't go outside.
You were all... you had a chaperone... OK.
I'm satisfied now.
But this is really the way it is done of most marriages in the Muslim world.
Worship in Islam and all practices in Islam and all the commandments that God gave us are based on
self-discipline and self-control. I mean, Ramadan is coming up where you're gonna tell you body
you're not gonna eat or drink until sunset. This is self....it takes self-discipline and self-control.
Where self-discipline and self-control is lost,
the human being becomes worse than animals and this is... there's a specific reference in the
Quran for this in SURAH 7 verse 179. God calls some people they are like animals even worse.
I mean, what is happening now in this country and in Europe is that
people meet. They don't even know each other. Let's hop in bed. This is worse than animals.
Because you can take a female cat or a female dog or a female horse that is not
in heat, not in that proper period and put her in the midst of two hundred best-looking horny
males. Can they touch her? They will not touch her. They cannot touch her because it is not the proper
time, but with human beings the way it is done now, here, it's a lot worse than animals. They're
worse than animals and this is... these are the laws that God lays down for our happiness.
cause
especially for the woman, I mean, she cheapens herself when she acts this way.
for the man, too. So, the two requirements... I'm repeating again are that long period of time where people
must know each other and must fall in love before becoming intimate. So, remember love before intimacy
and the dowry that is to provide security for the wife.
Now, the Quran leaves room for forfeiting the dowry if the wife is independently wealthy
and being married or unmarried or divorced or widowed or whatever will not affect her security.
Then, she can forfeit the dowry. But we have examples of a man who's holding
a fantastic position and he's wealthy and his ex-wife is on welfare. That's not fair.
This is what the Quran... this is what God's laws are supposed to avoid a situation like that.
So, it is to the best
for the benefit of the girl to demand her right when the situation calls for it.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah. Praise be to God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no god except the One God.
The marriage principles are laid down in the Quran must be known to all of us because we come across these
once in a while and these are the principles God prescribed for us to guarantee perfect happiness.
And from my experience from life experiences and the things I have seen
even if it made... if it may look difficult at the beginning
it is for the best of the couple to follow these prescriptions.
Quite often you read in the newspapers that if I don't acquiesce to him, he's gonna
leave me and find somebody else. Well, let him. He doesn't love you anymore. I mean, he
doesn't love you. That love is not there. But if the man loves the woman, respects her,
then he will... she will guarantee a husband who loves her. If you follow these steps,
you'll be guaranteed happiness from, from the physical and spiritual aspect.
Self-discipline and self-control
is easy when the soul is grown and developed and is stronger than the body which is what the
practices of religion are all about, developing your soul, so it'll be stronger than your body.
What you hear about Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Baker shows that they are people
whose body is stronger than their soul. I hear they were preaching against adultery and
preaching the word of God supposedly, and then they are dealing with, with prostitutes.
And
for the Muslim, it's.... the Quran provides the solutions to all these
problems that we find in this country, alcohol, drugs
marital problems. Solutions to all the problems are found in the Quran.
We are... we are becoming increasingly aware of the problems of alcohol and the disasters that
come from it. I mean, wherever you look, there are victims of alcoholism but... and please forgive me
if I appear to be bragging or anything but I have to share with you what the Quran does, what
the Islam does to us. It's that alcohol is just not in my mind at all. It's out of the question and
this is the most effective way of dealing with alcohol or drugs. There's just no way I will be
tempted or even think about trying whiskey or gin or champagne or whatever those things are.
It's out of the question. It's just not in my thinking at all, the same with drugs. And there
was a demonstration on the TV recently with what's... what's his name that had Muslims on the TV
talking about drugs? Geraldo Rivera. They had a bunch of Muslims and they were talking about drugs and
they set the example for Harlem or something where drugs are going rampant
and there's just drugs are not on their mind. Nothing is gonna tempt them to use drugs.
It's the solution to all problems.
And there is a mechanism for it and the mechanism is that the
soul is stronger than the body because of all the prayer and the fasting and
the things that God has prescribed for us and constitute gifts from God to us.
And again, I will ask you to forgive me if I appear to be bragging but again I wanna
share with you what Islam does. Now, in my line of work, working with the United Nations, traveling
to different countries in the world and making a lot of money. The UN pays the highest salaries
in the world when I was... when I'm with them on assignment and I have been to conferences
the American Chemical Society conferences, the American Association for the Advancement of
science. And in those conferences, it seems like, all the prostitutes of the whole town converge on
the hotels where these conferences are. And I have looked down and I see scientists that I respect
going up or down in the elevator with prostitutes and I lose respect for them and what
appears to be bragging is that I can make a statement here in a KHUTBAH in front of you in
a prayer that I never never fell for prostitution... for prostitutes or get to the prostitutes and
because it is not in my mind and Jimmy Swaggart cannot make that statement or Jim Baker cannot
make that statement because they lacked... they are using the wrong techniques because of their idolization of
Jesus, they... they nullify their work. If they do anything that may cause growth or development of their soul,
it is nullified as the Quran says because of their idolatry. Therefore, their body is stronger than their
souls but like with alcohols and drugs, it's just not in my mind. Now, to make that statement absolutely
truth, in saying, dealt with prostitutes, there was one instance where a friend of mine, a colleague
we went into his room in the hotel in one of the American Chemical Society meetings to get
a book or something and there was a prostitute passing out in the hall and he called her in
his room and I guess he was bragging or showing off or something and he bargained with her and I was
there witnessing this. This is the extent of my dealing with prostitute. So, Islam and the Quran
just solves all these problems and lays down the laws and regulations
and and not only teaches self-discipline, but it
instills it on you and becomes easy. I mean, there's... it's no problem at all.
God says that you can speak up of God's blessings on you and this is the category where
we can share with each other these things because some people may think it is incredible.
When you go in those conferences and if you make a statement like this to the people, it's an incredible statement.
And I just... I just couldn't think of a man who under those circumstances did not, for after the
things I have seen, under those circumstances did not fall for prostitutes. The temptation is great.
But for the Muslim, there is no temptation at all. It is zero, doesn't mean a thing.
Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
When you talk about marriage in Islam, you cannot avoid mentioning polygamy and polygamy is
allowed... throughout history, it was allowed.
In the Bible, it is allowed without limits. In the Quran, it is allowed with many many
conditions and strings attached to it. But all I can.... I need to say is that the prophet Muhammad
provided the perfect example as far as polygamy is concerned. Muhammad was married to one wife for
25 years until she died. He had only one wife and he raised all his children with that one wife.
And after she died, he married women who had many children, who had no support and no home. They were
widows of his friends who died in battle or died naturally and they needed the support. They were
old women. There were only two political marriages to the daughter of Abu Bakr and
the daughter Omar, his best friends who insisted, you know, please, you have to marry my daughter.
Because this is a tribal, it's a tribal tradition in tribal societies for tribes
different tribes to marry and be connected in marriages important and this is probably
why after the prophet's death, Abu Bakr was elected to be the Khalifa after the
prophet and Omar followed Abu Bakr. And these are the two men whose daughters were
married to their prophet. But the message, the loud message here is that Muhammad spent his life
all his young life with one wife and raised his children and then after that polygamy came into
the picture and there were many special conditions surrounding that. The other subject that I need to talk
about is divorce and I just have to tell you outright that God hates divorce, throughout the Quran.
Almost invariably children are victimized. Even the husband and
the wife are victims in divorce and this is why it is imperative that we follow
these regulations that God prescribed for us and avoid divorce at any cost.
There's a verse in Quran that says if you want to substitute a wife in place of another wife...
No, this is not the verse.... but there's a verse that says if you dislike your present
wife, you may dislike something wherein God has put a lot of good.
The verse that I was mentioning before is if you want to substitute one wife in place of another
which again actually emphasizes monogamy... it says do not take anything from the first wife back.
And this also brings in the matter of security for the wife because women have been abused
throughout history and God knows that and God says in SURAH 28 verse 5 that he is
for the oppressed and for the rights of the weak and marriage is a tremendous contract, is a
formidable contract. This is what the Quran calls it. To take a wife out of her house and take her into your
house supposedly to live forever. You know, there's tremendous responsibilities associated with that.
So, we pray to God to guide us on His path and to gift... give us the gift of following His...