Lori: [65:10] GOD has prepared for them a severe retribution. Therefore, you shall reverence GOD, O you who possess intelligence and believed. GOD has sent to you a reminder—*
Okay, these verses, again, the words, every word in the Quran is specific and is there for a reason.
It's not just there to take up space.
Here the past tense is used because we know that the decision was made before we ever came into this dimension.
So, we possess, those of us who possess intelligence, even though we blew it because we wavered, we weren't
absolute, we didn't take an absolute stand for God, still we didn't do what the jinns did and just totally disbelieve.
So, we just showed some intelligence and we believed.
And God sends us reminders. He sends us the messages. He sends us the scriptures and the messengers to
recite the scriptures and to clarify things as reminders because
just because we made that initial decision, doesn't guarantee
that we're not going to make mistakes and, and go out of God's Kingdom. So, we have to be constantly reminded
about God's laws, about how to exhort each other to, to be righteous. We have to remind each other to do certain things, to give charity.
We have to remind each other and ourselves because
it's really easy to forget in your day-to-day life when you're out in the environment where people disbelieve.
And it's very easy to fall into that and to forget and we need that constant reminder.
Lori: Are there any questions so far to this point?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, it says provide, you pay, because it's your responsibility.
A man: Yeah, but it is (unintelligible)
A man: Here's then something (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: A nursing mother? A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Because, because see, the divorced, a divorced wife may want to refuse to nurse the children, say
"I'm not gonna do anything anymore. You take care of the baby."
Then, you can hire a nursing mother. So, you have to think of the circumstances of divorce.
Dr. Khalifa: They're really, they are straightforward
A man: Yeah, (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: instructions.
A man: (unintelligible) when she's pregnant and she starts (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: For example, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Because you're telling her "don't, you cannot get married." You're telling her
"since you're carrying my baby, you cannot get married."
Dr. Khalifa: When you say that, then you have to put your money where your mouth is. This is how we say the expression.
A woman: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: When you say that, you have to provide for them.
A man: All the time that she (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, she may be doing a favor because she, maybe she can't stand the circumstances, or you, or the house, or,
you know, and she may go on strike.
It's her right.
Thus, we're coming to, which verses did you finish, 11? Why don't you finish the whole Sura and then I have a couple of comments.
Dr. Khalifa: This is Sura 65, folks.
Lori: Verse 11.
[65:11] a messenger* who recites to you GOD's revelations, clearly, in order to lead those who believe and work righteousness out of the darkness into the light. Anyone who believes and leads a righteous life, He will admit him into gardens with flowing streams; they abide therein forever. GOD will generously reward them.
Again, we're told here that the messenger recites God's revelation.
He's just the disburser of information, the clarifier, the warner, the reminder.
The revelations are God's. The commandments are God's. The laws are God's laws.
And the messenger is sent as a mercy to us to lead us out of the darkness and into the light. Because otherwise,
we wouldn't do what we were supposed to do, and we're going to be held accountable.
And God is so Merciful that He doesn't do that.
He doesn't hold us accountable unless He gives us every chance
that He can possibly give us. So, we have the scriptures. We have the messengers.
We have all of these things at our disposal to make the right decisions.
And when we do it, then we're guaranteed not only in this life happiness, but eternal, eternal happiness forever.
And the rewards are, are generous.
We don't have to, to worry about it at all. And
It's just so clear. And I think these verses, even though they're only a few, like Rashad said, are so profound because
you can't find any fault in any of them. You, you may not personally
agree because you have a different outlook or something, but you can't find fault in any of these verses. They make perfect sense
because they're from God. God is Omniscient.
Verse 12.
[65:12] GOD created seven universes and the same number of earths. The commands flow among them. This is to let you know that GOD is Omnipotent, and that GOD is fully aware of all things.
And if you look at the footnote at the bottom of the page, it says, Oh...
Lori: This page, I don't know about your
Dr. Khalifa: That's Ok.
Lori: your page.
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead. Lori: It says
*65:12 Although God created six other planets that are identical to our Earth, there is life only on our planet. Thus, the evolutionists will be shown on the Day of Judgment that life did not just "evolve" on the planet because of its particular circumstances.
We know that the earth was created as Satan's dominion.
And that's why there's life and we are his constituents.
And we are here temporarily to repent for our initial transgression and to develop our souls
to be able to return to God and withstand His presence.
And that's not necessary in any of the other, in any of the other universes. So, life is, is just on earth.
Lori: Any comments?
Dr. Khalifa: Questions?
Okay, the comments that I wish to make on Sura 65, verse 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
Okay, number 8 is rebelling against God's laws and commandments.
Messengers come to remind us of these laws, like,
the mosque belongs to God, do not, ok, do not mention any other name with, besides God. This is a law.
And when they rebel, it's a sign that retribution is coming to them fast.
This is what verse 8 is saying.
[65:8] Many a community rebelled against GOD's law and against His messengers. Consequently, we held them strictly responsible
or accountable
[65:8] ... and afflicted them with a terrible retribution.
So, it's coming to all those who are not following God's law.
And number 10,
[65:10] GOD has prepared ... severe retribution. ...
Therefore, you shall observe righteousness.
[65:10] ... O you who possess intelligence and believed. GOD has sent ...
His message to you.
Now, number 11 is really the one that I want to emphasize here, because it's written, I don't know if I put it in past tense here, 11,
Dr. Khalifa: past tense, believed.
Lori: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, here I don't have it in past.
It is in the past tense that the, the messenger leads
[65:11] ... those who believed and led a righteousness life out of darkness into the light. ...
So, these are people who believe and, and work righteousness, but they are still in the darkness.
The messenger cannot do anything to those who don't believe.
But he helps those who did believe and did lead a righteous life out of darkness into the light.
This is a very important concept.
[65:11] ... Anyone who believes in GOD and works righteousness, GOD will admit him into gardens with flowing streams; ...
This fits with verse about 11 in Sura 10, that says that God guides those who believe because of their belief.
So, when we make a decision to believe in God, then God will create circumstances and will help us
to lead us out of darkness into the light.
And this follows believing and leading a righteous life.
Number 12 is very important in this age of evolution, creation debates.
Evolution is a divinely guided process. Evolution is a fact.
It is a scientific fact and it is a Quranic fact.
I'm gonna have an appendix on it.
When you read the appendix, you'll see that evolution is perfectly all right.
But it is a divinely guided process.
The fly has 4,000 lenses in each eye. 4,000.
It did not evolve into 10,000. It didn't evolve into x-ray vision.
For millions of years, for millions of years, it is 4,000 lenses in each eye.
But there are varieties of flies. Within the same species, there are, there is evolution, within the same species.
We got the navel orange out of the regular oranges.
All of a sudden, we have this wonderful orange without any seeds, tastes good.
But it came from another orange tree, not from an apple tree.
So, it's from the same species. There's evolution within the species.
But every species was created independently.
But the point that I want to emphasize here that you need to remember is that God created seven earths identical to this earth.
And the statistical laws bear this out.
But there is no life on them.
Because on the Day of Judgment, which is the most important day,
that's the Eternal Day, when all the people past, present, and future will be there,
we will all be there and we will all witness that there were six other earths like this one, but no life on any of them.
Because what the evolutionists, the atheist evolutionists say,
because we are believing evolutionists. They are atheist evolutionists.
The atheist evolutionists say that life evolved out of nothing here on this earth.
Because of the circumstances, because of the amino acids, the lightning,
Dr. Khalifa: the ethylene, and all the other, nitrogen and stuff.
A man: Is that the Big Bang Theory?
Dr. Khalifa: No, that's not the Big Bang Theory. The Big Bang Theory is confirmed in the Quran.
The evolution, Darwin's theory, that life evolved on this earth, and
and this is how our eyes came into being, that this eye was a depression in the,
in a photosensitive cell, a depression in the skin that kept evolving until it gave the eyes.
But I wonder why we have the eyes here and not in our hands, for example.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is the purpose of creating six other earths, identical to this one.
Laila: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
Laila: Because the, because the eyes are (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You have eyes in your feet, Laila?
Laila: (unintelligible), I didn't even breathe.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, that's a step in evolution, but still within the species.
You're still a human being.
Dr. Khalifa: Any questions on Sura 65?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes. This is... where is Poopak? Poopak.
How come you're so quiet?
Poopak discovered a mistake in the new, in new translation on this page, 559.
And, of course, you know the rule.
God doesn't make mistakes. If there's any mistake, it's our mistake.
To be specific, it's my mistake.
Ok. I forgot to, to put one word "God" here. The count at the bottom of the page is alright. It's, it's right.
But as you know, at the bottom of the page, I have the count of the word "God" on the left side,
and the total after this page on this side.
So, the reader can participate in the mathematical code of the Quran and realize this is God speaking to him or her.
Dr. Khalifa: So, I forgot, there's one statement...
A person: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
A person: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Refer to where it is now.
A person: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
Number 8?
[65:8] Many a community rebelled against the commands...
A woman: It says here it says God's law and (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, yeah, so that's it. It's in verse 8, I believe. But anyway, we will, we will fix it. These are unedited pages.
Dr. Khalifa: Lisa hasn't got to that point yet, right? Lisa and Emily.
Lisa: (unintelligible) marked it (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, Emily marked it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. So,
A woman: We have, we can still...
Dr. Khalifa: we're still, we're still working with unedited pages.
But the count is perfect, and we just made a typing error.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: Yeah, I would like to make a regression to verse number 7.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
A man: Specifically (unintelligible),
A man: aside from what I understand, aside from the net, like it works that way,
of the house he, he provided to the wife, (unintelligible) the man, and asked what he worth.
A man: I, I don't see, I mean, I can't prevent my mind thinking somehow rational more than spiritual. I try to stretch my spiritual.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: You know that I go through my rationale anyway.
And, and, and I, I see, for example, in, in verse 7,
I mean, there's, there's so much room for interpretation in the case of divorce.
A man: And even as to what is rich, what is poor.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Thank God. A man: How much of, of that
A man: You know, (unintelligible) are going to the woman and or to the man.
Dr. Khalifa: Thank God. A man: There's so much
A man: room for interpretation. I'm just wondering how, I mean, practical conflicts are being resolved.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) you know (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's really straightforward, but you said it is the rationale, it is common sense.
There's a rich man and a poor man. When there is divorce, there's compensation. You must compensate the wife, the divorced wife.
Dr. Khalifa: And you must provide for her for at least one year. This is in Sura 4.
A man: Let's assume there is difference between the opinion (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, there is a, there is a husband who's a millionaire and a husband who hand to mouth.
Dr. Khalifa: So, how will they provide the, the this alimony?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
That's what the verse is saying. It's according to your... It's strictly between you and God, really.
Dr. Khalifa: You don't have to apply any of these laws,
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: but you, but you bear the responsibility, see?
A man: (unintelligible) who, who arbitrates the conflict? How are the conflicts...
Dr. Khalifa: It's strictly between you and God.
It's like everything else, like Praying or Fasting or drinking or gambling.
All things are strictly between you and God. God is telling you these laws. If you want to be happy, follow them.
If you wanna be miserable, don't follow them. It's as simple as that.
So, if you are rich and you divorce your wife, you must provide according to your wealth.
Dr. Khalifa: If you are poor, then God is Merciful. He's telling you, you can only provide as much as you can.
A man: But there, there's no immediate remedy that, as to whether it's, it's fair or, or unfair. There's no immediate remedy to that.
Dr. Khalifa: It has to be fair.
A man: I understand, but if it's not, there's no immediate remedy to that, to that (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, in Sura 4, there is arbitration. Sura 4, not verse 4, Sura 4.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: In Sura 4, there is arbitration. There are provisions for everything. There are details.
A man: Sura Nesã'
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 4 is the
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Sura 4 is the second longest Sura in the Quran. And it has a lot more details.
But see, these are basic rules.
Dr. Khalifa: And just like you said, it's, we really use our rationale, our common sense. We're doing alright. Use your rationale.
A man: I can't, I can't, you know, whenever I stop doing, I try to use only my spiritual,
A man: somehow I end up, you know, using my rationale at the same time.
Dr. Khalifa: There's no contradiction. Spiritual and rational must be, must go together.
But we have a tendency to make things difficult for ourselves. The Quran says that. The Quran says,
If you, if we, if we listen to you, you'll make things more miserable and difficult for yourselves.
So, God said, the rich compensates according to his wealth and the poor compensates according to his abilities.
Dr. Khalifa: And this is, it's Merciful that He didn't say you have to give this much or this proportion.
A man: But when, when I was in Saudi Arabia, I knew that there were some cases
A man: you know, dealt, dealt by, by religious, I don't know, probably judges.
Dr. Khalifa: Judges, yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: What did they do?
A man: Well, they, basically, they referred, you know, to the, to the Quran, I mean, to resolve these, these kind of (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: But, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's very much comparable to, you know, I mean, the...
Dr. Khalifa: Western laws.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Did you see anything...
A man: Western laws, you know, to written laws, to
These are, I mean, the Quran is, is taken as a written law
A man: unless (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, but you see, the more the human being is educated, the more he comes closer to the Quran.
A man: I, I, I (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The more... Yes. A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The more knowledge they acquire,
the more, I mean, they're just about to prohibit alcohol, for example.
And here's a drunk captain who polluted Alaska because of alcohol.
The whole country knows the evils of alcohol.
So, when they look at the Quran, they see alcohol is prohibited.
It matches the common sense. It matches their knowledge.
I mean, this man had a ten mile wide channel.
They said a child can maneuver this super tanker through those ten miles.
Dr. Khalifa: But, but he's not, he's not even a child. I mean, he's passed out.
A woman: Yeah, (unintelligible). I wanna just say (unintelligible). So, he wasn't drunk.
Dr. Khalifa: I bet you the crew was drunk, also.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I think it takes a clever captain to hit those rocks.
A man: Either that or (unintelligible) for it.
A man: Excuse to make it right.
A man: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: No, they wouldn't do that, you know. No. The guy, the guy was drunk, you know.
So, what I'm saying is that the more knowledge the human being acquires, the closer they get to God's laws
Dr. Khalifa: on their own.
Hamid: Aren't you gonna go as far as getting the advice of the judges because after all we are humans.
And when it comes to dividing your own wealth, you may, it will be better (unintelligible).
So, I just listen to you and (unintelligible).
If someone has to pass a judgment on the wealth of a guy, if it's left up to the, to the, the first man,
which is, which soon (unintelligible) very wealthy,
if someone has to step in and the wife brings the checkbook,
(unintelligible)
Hamid: what do you think this could mean? I mean,...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, remember that the believers' affairs are decided by consultation. We're talking about believers.
If they're believers, they will be fair, and they will consult, and they will, they will maintain...
Again, in Sura 4, like Lori mentioned, they emphasize, God emphasizes the amicable relations.
So, a husband and wife didn't get along together and decided to part. They don't have to be enemies.
In fact, God says, do not, you must maintain the amicable relations among you."
Dr. Khalifa: So, there'll be mutual consultation and mutual contentment.
Hamid: But realistically, you mentioned about alcohol.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: Yeah, it shouldn't be there. It should be prohibited.
Hamid: But, but the, Ok, the reality, I'm talking about, you know, nowadays life. I'm, I'm just imagining the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Hamid, you're hung up on the time of applicability of the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: The Quran is applicable through any time,
Dr. Khalifa: till the end of the world. Not nowadays. Hamid: No, but (unintelligible)
Hamid: Are you, are you saying we, we do not need Islamic judges?
Hamid: Is that, is that the content of the, of my argument is this, should we go to Istanbul?
Dr. Khalifa: No, actually, we do need Islamic judges. I didn't say that. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Because the general public will not be as familiar with the Quran as, as they should be, or as they need to be.
Hamid: I thought that...
Dr. Khalifa: So, the Islamic judges are needed.
I hit somebody's car, and then so how much do I compensate that person?
Then, we both go to the Islamic judge, and the person whose car I hit,
he will say "this cost me $800 to fix, and I lost 8 hours of work, and this and this."
Dr. Khalifa: Then, the judge will calculate that, and will tell me to compensate the person.
Hamid: I thought you said that if we are a believer, which is (unintelligible) by writing a check.
Dr. Khalifa: You'll do that, too. But then, if there is, you know, remember the judge is needed when there is dispute.
The judge is needed when there is dispute. If the person knows what he's doing, you don't need a judge.
Maximum freedom is guaranteed in the Quran, also.
Dr. Khalifa: Let's go to 66 and Lori. Anybody is saying something?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: 66.
Lori: Verse 1.
[66:1] O you prophet, why do you prohibit what GOD has made lawful for you, just to please your wives? GOD is Forgiver, Merciful.*
[66:2] GOD has decreed for you the laws dealing with your oaths. GOD is your Lord, and He is the Omniscient, Most Wise.
[66:3] The prophet had trusted some of his wives with a certain statement, then one of them spread it, and GOD let him know about it. He then informed his wife of part of the issue, and disregarded part. She asked him, "Who informed you of this?" He said, "I was informed by the Omniscient, Most Cognizant."
[66:4] If the two of you repent to GOD, then your hearts have listened. But if you band together against him, then GOD is his ally, and so is Gabriel and the righteous believers. Also, the angels are his helpers.
[66:5] If he divorces you, GOD will substitute other wives in your place who are better than you; submitters (Muslims), believers (Mu'mins), obedient, repentant, worshipers, pious, either previously married, or virgins.
[66:6] O you who believe, protect yourselves and your families from the Hellfire whose fuel is people and rocks. Guarding it are stern and powerful angels who never disobey GOD; they do whatever they are commanded to do.
[66:7] O you who disbelieved, do not apologize today. You are being requited only for what you did.
In the first verse of (unintelligible) footnote,
it says that Mohammedans around the world believe that Muhammad was infallible.
This verse teaches us that he was indeed a fallible human being.
And there are a number of verses cited that will back this up.
The messenger is given the responsibility to deliver the messages, and when he does that, he is
in accordance with God's laws and those things are preserved.
But the messenger is also a human being and is subject to the same test that everybody else is subject to, an even greater test, because,
you know, with the responsibility comes the, you know, the, the test.
And God made it this way so that we would not worship the messenger. That's God's system.
If the messenger was perfect, then, he would be god.
So, it doesn't make any sense.
The messengers are just humans. Their only job is to deliver the message, to clarify.
They are sent as a mercy from God to give the information to the rest of us.
So, they're going to make mistakes.
And again, this is to weed out those who would turn away because the messenger isn't perfect. We know the history of Moses.
And he went to Pharaoh and Pharaoh said, you know, "why should I listen to you? You stutter. You know, you're one of our slaves."
Even though, we know Moses, you know, showed him all these miracles, but it didn't make any difference.
But that was God's will. We have to believe God and now the messenger.
And we know what happened.
The Christians, you know, who worshipped Jesus because
it wasn't enough that he was a messenger. They wanted to make him a god besides God.
And it's the same thing with Muslims who worship Muhammad and they think that he was perfect.
And there are all these myths and stories and legends that, about him that don't even make any sense. He was just a man.
And, and God is very careful in the Quran to point out his errors, too, but like Rashad said, not to scandalize him.
I mean, God doesn't get anything from that. But to make us realize that he was a man and don't worship him. He was just a man.
Listen to the message. It doesn't make any difference. The messengers all come with the same message, every one of them.
And it's God's intent that they do make mistakes and they are imperfect so that we won't worship them.
And to weed out those who will not listen to the messenger because they don't like him or they think that he's not perfect.
And the next verse is,
again there, there isn't anything. I remember from one time in one of our discussions
in Quranic study many, many years ago. There were some people from
another mosque and they were talking about the Hadith and Sunnah. The importance of it was because it was history.
And you know, if you, if you read the Quran, the Quran is the greatest history.
We know what people think.
We know what people thought. You know, we know what they did under the tree and they, they got together and think that were in their minds.
It's the greatest history.
Oh, we know here about what happened to, to his wives.
He just told them something and they went and spread it. I mean, so, this is God telling us this. And it's, it's a lesson for all of us.
And we're not supposed to be mean. We're not supposed to gossip. We're not supposed to slander.
We're, you know, if something is entrusted to us, we're supposed to respect that and, and take heed.
And you can't hide from God. You know, she asked "how did you know?" And he said "I know from God."
You can't get away from anything. God is Omnipotent. He's Omniscient.
He told in verse 4 to repent and that the messenger is, is protected against these things.
And even if everybody banded together against him, God is saying that
[66:4] ... GOD is his ally, and so are Gabriel and the righteous believers. ...
And as far as reasons for divorce, if he divorces you, you know, in this case because of the
their behavior, then God will make it up to him. He'll give him a better wife.
You know, what we were talking about earlier is that with difficulty there is ease. And if you
have to suffer in some way for the cause of God, it's always made up to you. You're always rewarded because God is the Most Gracious.
In verse 6, we're admonished to protect ourselves and our families from the Hellfire.
And how do we do that?
We do it by, number one, being responsible for ourselves, obeying God's laws,
obeying the commandments, doing, fulfilling all of our religious duties, but also think to it that our families do the same thing.
You know, parents have to make sure their children know how to do the Prayers,
make sure that the children do the Prayers when it's time for them to Fast, to make sure that they Fast.
Spouses have to, you know, help their, help each other do the right thing.
We're all, we all need to help each other because we all have the same weaknesses.
And we're told here that once we get to the Day of Judgment, there are angels who never disobey God.
And every command will be carried out and nobody will have any power to do anything else.
And on that day, we'll be told,
well, God willing, not we, but those who disbelieve will be told not to apologize, that they're just being repaid for what they did.
Again, it all comes back to us. God has given us free will. The decision was ours.
Once we made that decision, He helped us along in whatever that decision was.
If we chose to disbelieve, He helped the disbelievers disbelieve. He actually leads them astray.
If this is their decision, then He helps them in that decision.
If we choose to believe, then He helps us in our belief. He gives us the messages, the revelations, the steps to do what we have to do.
And God is, is just. We're only requited for what we did.
We're not held responsible for anybody else's sins.
A wife is not held responsible for her husband's sins.
You know, parents aren't held responsible for their children's sins. We have to be responsible for ourselves and everybody else...
Lori: Any questions or comments on this section?
Hamid: How far can we go, should we go, as far as pursuing the kids,
(unintelligible)
Hamid: to, for Praying, or Fasting, or (unintelligible)?
Lori: Well, obviously, you can only do so much.
You can tell them to do it. You can set the example. You can make sure they do it up to a certain point.
But at some point, everybody is responsible for themselves.
But, you know, if you want your children to get up and, and Pray the, the Morning Prayer,
and it's hard for them to do it, you might have to really work with them to do it.
Lori: Maybe, not allow them to have their breakfast or something until, until they had do their Morning Prayer, or, you know.
Hamid: They are children, and they are not responsible.
(unintelligible) my point is this,
Hamid: If we go as far as waking them up, and lining them up and say "well, Pray."
Dr. Khalifa: Do you have the translation, this translation with you?
Hamid: The new one?
Dr. Khalifa: That's the one out, you have there?
Hamid: No. That's...
Lori: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, open page 218. That's the answer to your question. The old one, the book, 218, page 218.
Verse 132, it's very important, actually. This is, Hamid's question is very important. Remember it, and do it.
What do you do with your children?
Dr. Khalifa: You're gonna read it for us, Hamid?
A man: 218.
Hamid: Pardon me?
Dr. Khalifa: Read verse 132.
Hamid: 132.
[20:132] You shall exhort your family to observe the Salat Prayer, and persist in doing so. We do not ask you for any provisions. It is us who provide for you. The final victory belongs to the righteous.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, there's the answer to your question. It says, you, you order them, exhort them to Pray
[20:132] ... and persist in doing so. ...
Now, because you're doing God's commandment, God controls your heart and their hearts, and everything will go just wonderful.
But you just have to exhort them. You have to keep telling them.
My children are grown up now, but when they were young, I will ask them.
They're willing, willing doing the Prayers, but I had to remind them every day. If I, if I
If I don't carry out God's commandment, and I wait until two in the afternoon and ask them "did you Pray the Noon?"
"No, we'll go pray."
Dr. Khalifa: So, but there were no problems. Here's, here's one of them.
Hamid: When they were under your, your umbrella, economically.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Hamid: But (unintelligible) but you didn't actually give them a choice. You said,
Hamid: taking the circumstances into account, they didn't have a choice. You said "Well,..."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they did. Yes, they did.
Hamid: Ok. Sorry...
Dr. Khalifa: They could have said "no, we're not gonna do it." But they didn't. It just didn't come up.
I always said "let's Pray." And they, they'll Pray. And the, like I said, God controls the whole situation.
Dr. Khalifa: You just do your part, and God will do the rest. Hamid: My God,
Hamid: I can't really go along with this decision. We are not, we are not in control.
Dr. Khalifa: Don't.
Dr. Khalifa: You don't have to.
Hamid: Over, over.
No, I, I, I, I realize that every time I come here, you say,
well, if this is, this life is pre-recorded, and we have absolutely no
Hamid: power, decision-making power, and we are not responsible because everything is pre-recorded. And
Dr. Khalifa: I didn't say that, but it's..., go ahead. Hamid: You're smiling and
Hamid: I believe, I think, I think every day, you come to, to make decisions. You have to
Hamid: make a decision. You have to pass a judgment.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: And you are...
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, your question is "what do I do with my children," right?
Hamid: Right. Do you...
Dr. Khalifa: The answer is right there in verse 132.
Dr. Khalifa: It says, you exhort them to Pray Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: [20:132] ... and persist in doing so. ... Hamid: I agree with that, that point.
Hamid: I'm saying, can you really say that? Dr. Khalifa: What else are you gonna do?
Dr. Khalifa: What? I mean, what, why are you being negative? Why don't you, are you assuming that they will say no, right?
A man: He didn't know.
Hamid: I'm playing the...
A man: You are (unintelligible)
Hamid: devil's advocate. I'm playing as if the kid, like the guy says "Well, I, I don't wanna Pray."
Dr. Khalifa: Well, no... Hamid: They will say. Excuse me. As if, as if...
Dr. Khalifa: If they, if they say that, then come back and ask me the question. Hamid: child's (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But I say, when you do your part, they will... because this is what... this has been my experience.
Hamid: But do you leave the choice to him or not?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Hamid: So, if, if he has a choice to say "well, I, I ain't gonna Pray."
Dr. Khalifa: Absolutely. But they never said "no."
Dr. Khalifa: You have to keep saying... I mean, it's just, it just never came up that they said "no, we're not gonna Pray."
Hamid: But good for you, but, but there are...
Dr. Khalifa: Those circumstances will not happen if you carry out God's commandment. Brothers and sisters,
we are living experience, okay? It is, we speak from experience and God provided.
Not just my experience, all of our experiences.
I raised two kids, right? One of them is right there. They're all grown up now.
But, throughout their life, I carried out this commandment. I told them to Pray.
And it was never, never once did they say "no, we're not Praying." We didn't have... it just didn't come up.
So, what I'm saying is you just do the, do the commandment that God gave you, and everything goes fine.
However, if I was lax in doing this commandment, if I'm not persisting in doing it, they will go without Prayer.
So, I will ask them, I'll tell them to Pray, and they wait three or four days.
Dr. Khalifa: And if I don't say Pray, I will notice that they, they passed up the time for Prayer.
Hamid: Well, as much as I admire your children, and,
and agree with what, basically what you said, but still, in our lives, there are points, there are certain times that you reject
Hamid: even the God. Even we reject it, say "well, I have some doubt."
Dr. Khalifa: You're, you're entitled to do that.
Hamid: Well, you, okay, that, that, those are the actually the points I was making my argument.
Dr. Khalifa: You're talking about you or the children?
Hamid: Well, anybody. Haven't you ever doubt God?
Dr. Khalifa: Me?
Hamid: In your, in your evolution?
Dr. Khalifa: I don't think I ever did.
But, but I'm, I, I wasn't right the whole time. I was an idol worshiper for a long time. But I never doubted God.
However, anybody is entitled to doubt God, or question God, or be an atheist.
Dr. Khalifa: So am I. I mean, but it just, it just happened that I didn't.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay.
Hamid: Sometimes...
Dr. Khalifa: So, let's take a time when you doubt God. You say "God doesn't exist."
Hamid: Ok. That, therefore, you're not gonna Pray.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: You're saying...
Dr. Khalifa: Nor are you gonna carry this commandment. You're gonna...
Dr. Khalifa: You will not do this commandment. Hamid: But still you are in, in...
Dr. Khalifa: Your life will be a mess.
Hamid: Not necessarily.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes, necessarily. Hamid: No.
Hamid: No, if you doubt God.... Dr. Khalifa: It's in the same Sura, see, the same Sura...
Hamid: Well, let me, while you're finding that, let me remind people that God...
Dr. Khalifa: Tell her to keep them for 20 more minutes, we'll pay her more. Yeah. Hamid: (unitnelligible)
Hamid: God's law as I understand...
Dr. Khalifa: See, there is a law, Hamid, let me give you the Quranic law, Okay. God says,
you follow My laws, you're gonna have a happy life,
you disregard My message, you're gonna have a miserable life. This is what God says.
Hamid: Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: So, there is no way around it. Hamid: 99, you are
Hamid: with and He is the authority.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. So, when... Hamid: If He gives
Hamid: you the mind which He never gave to none of His creatures.
Hamid: And that, that is, that is the choice that in your lifetime you are going to make, back and forth,
Dr. Khalifa: Okay.
Hamid: until you get to as close as you can get to Him.
Hamid: In this process, as we just noticed, like yourself, you said you were atheist or I, in, in my....
Dr. Khalifa: No, I was not an atheist. I was never an atheist.
Hamid: or
Dr. Khalifa: I never doubted God. No.
Hamid, I don't like the fact that you ask a question and then we go on to other things. Now, your question, your question was
"what do I do with the children?"
Dr. Khalifa: Right?
Hamid: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: I gave you the answer from the Quran.
Quran is, you exhort them to follow the commandment
[20:132] ... and persist in doing so. ...
This is your part.
If we're gonna go into other philosophical questions, I mean, something, it goes into something else.
Dr. Khalifa: So, let's wait until the occasion comes up
Dr. Khalifa: Just for the sake of the people, A woman: (unintelligible) Prayer, well you just said the Prayer, so that
Dr. Khalifa: It's for the sake of the other people, so... A woman: they (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, Susan what's...
Susan: We, we could look at the kids in our own lives. Well, I mean,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Susan: They are, I'm always, you know, well, Joshua and I will remind you to Pray.
Then, she, if she wants to get up on her own, we don't even have to tell her anything. She wants to get up to Pray.
She does her Prayers smooth.
She would have been some (unintelligible)
And there are other kids, you know, (unintelligible).
So, it's, you know, you do (unintelligible) and the rest follows it.
Susan: We have kids, you know, Aisha Baruni passed the today's...
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh.
A woman: 8 years old. Susa: You know.
Susan: Sarah wants to pass tomorrow.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: Cool. That sometimes happens, like me, Ok. I have a little sister. And I tell her to Pray and come to the mosque.
She doesn't wanna come, but I keep saying to her. Now,
A man: I think someday she'll come here.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, you bet.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Francesca did the same thing with me and I'm here.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yay!
A woman: Mã Shã Allãh. Yay!
Dr. Khalifa: If you watch, watch our children, see, here in the mosque, you see them eagerly and joyfully Praying.
Dr. Khalifa: They join the Prayers. So, it's no problem.
Hamid: But doctor, I was just mentioning the choice. I was just emphasizing on that,
underlining that. A kid's choice lives up to the adult.
Hamid: But they can make, they can make their own decision even though it's not agreeing with my own as a guardian.
Dr. Khalifa: See, it is your, it is your duty to do this commandment. Ok?
Hamid: Just, just pass the message to them and leave it up to them,
Dr. Khalifa: That's right. Hamid: If they
Hamid: wanna follow it up, or if they wanna fail. Dr. Khalifa: That's right.
Dr. Khalifa: That's right. But it is your responsibility and your job to point out to them why they should Pray, why is it necessary.
You see, it's your, it is your obligation. You have duties towards your children and your family.
You can't just come out of nowhere and say "get up and Pray." They're gonna tell you "why?"
Dr. Khalifa: You see, I, I mean,
Hamid: I'm okay. Dr. Khalifa: It's a whole,
Dr. Khalifa: it's a whole life story that you're doing. You're carrying out God's commandments.
But,
Dr. Khalifa: From all... Beth?
Beth: I just wanna make it clear too that Sam and I are no exception, because,
I mean, when we were real little, we Prayed because we felt so guilty when you asked us to Pray,
I don't wanna lie. So, I mean, that was the only reason we Prayed.
And then, when we got a little older, if we didn't wanna Pray, we didn't Pray.
You know, we, I mean, it just wasn't something that was important to us, and even for a long time we missed it.
You know, we missed the Friday Prayers and Quranic studies, and, I mean, he didn't argue with us.
I mean, he told us, you know, what we should do, but, you know, he didn't punish us if we didn't do it.
And it just came to the point when we got a little older that we found out for ourselves,
Beth: you know, what was the best, what the best thing was for us.
Beth: And it just comes to you in your heart. Dr. Khalifa: So you just...
Beth: Your parents can't interfere with,
Beth: with what's between you, you with God, and I think it comes to a certain age where you find out for yourself.
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, if you punish them, they'll hate it.
You don't want them to hate religion and Prayer and all that.
Dr. Khalifa: See, all you need to do... A woman: Well, (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible) Prayers at last (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: All you need to do is carry out, you, you do your part.
And this is at the beginning of the Quran, God says, you do your part, I do My part.
Dr. Khalifa: Shall we go...
A woman: Is that a good idea, Rashad?
Dr. Khalifa: What? To say the Prayer.
A woman: You tell them "OK, time to get up for Prayer." And then, I went for jumping up there.
A woman: But he did say the Prayers out loud, so they have to hear it anyway?
Dr. Khalifa: Whatever, whatever you need to do to carry out the commandments, God says here.
A woman: (unintelligible) again when I'm to start Prayer is too loud or too quiet though.
Dr. Khalifa: No, she doesn't mean loud, real loud, you know.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A man: (unintelligible) is ok.
Dr. Khalifa: Just audible, she means audible. A woman: Audible. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: OK, where are we now?
Lori: Verse 8.
Dr. Khalifa: Verse 8.
Dr. Khalifa: Let's finish Sura 66.
Lori: Ok.
Lori: OK, we're on verse 8.
The Believers Repent.
[66:8] O you who believe, you shall repent to GOD a firm ...
Dr. Khalifa: A firm repentance. Did you read this before?
Lori: No. No. OK. Dr. Khalifa: OK.
Lori: [66:8] O you who believe, you shall...
Lori: [66:9] O prophet, struggle against the disbelievers and the hypocrites and be harsh with them. Their abode is Gehenna, and a miserable destiny.
In verse 8, we're told here to repent, because repentance is our chance.
Every day, every hour, we have the opportunity to repent, to wipe out our sins, to start new again.
God has given that to us. So, what Hamid was saying earlier that it's a daily decision to stay in God's Kingdom.
And He knows that we make mistakes.
He knows that we break His commandments.
And He gives us a chance to overcome that by repentance.
And if we do repent, and sincerely repent, which means you don't ever do it again.
And you really try to change. Then, God will remit your sins, and admit you into gardens of flowing streams,
(unintelligible), the Hereafter.
On that day, God will not disappoint the prophet and those who believe with him.
Ok. We've been given a promise by God that if we do our part, which is what we were just talking about earlier. If we do our part, God does His part.
And we've talked about this before, there is no better guarantee or warranty than God's.
This is proven. We don't have to worry about it. If we do our part, God will do His part.
In the Bible, we've talked about the verses in Luke where it says,
seek God's Kingship over you and all else follow. That's all you have to do.
It's just do your part and everything else falls into place.
And the light will radiate in front of them and to their right.
And we know that the light is, is knowledge, is presence of God.
We don't want to be into the darkness. And one of the reasons for the messenger being sent to us is to help us out of the darkness
and into the light.
That's one of God's Mercy.
The light is mentioned many, many times in Quran.
And if, if you just think about it, it's a wonderful allegory because in the darkness, you're lost,
you can't see. There's fear, confusion.
And when you leave that into the light, and everything is, is made apparent to you. You know what's going on. There's no more fear.
And there's some verses in the Quran that on the Day of Judgment, the disbelievers who have been
destined for Hell will beg for some of that light. They'll be in eternal darkness.
And the believers will ask God to perfect that light for them and to forgive them and acknowledge that God is Omnipotent.
And in verse 9, it's an admonition to the prophet, but again to all of us, to struggle
against the disbelievers and the hypocrites and be harsh with them.
A lot of times, people misunderstand what we do in this mosque.
They think that because we say the things that we say, that we're being very unfair, we're being very harsh,
we're closed-minded, we're...
and some of the other things, they think, but you're right.
This is, this is, this is what God is telling us to do because it's our responsibility.
It's the responsibility of those who have the knowledge to give it to others, okay, and to fight because it's not your fight, it's God's fight.
And if God, you know, (unintelligible) the disbelievers, and that doesn't mean, you know, you go out and you do anything
necessarily violent, but there's ways to struggle, okay, with the truth.
Lori: Rashad publishes from this mosque the...
Lori: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Muslim Perspective.
Lori: And some of the things that are said in there...
Dr. Khalifa: It's Fasting, Lori. It's Fasting does that.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Lori: Oh, right. I don't know.
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead.
Lori: And the things that are said in there are really profound, and they just get everybody upset, you know, but they have to be said.
It has to be said for those who might choose to listen to it.
They have the right to hear God's messages, and they have the right to have the message clarified for them, whether their leaders
like it or not.
It's, it's, it's everybody's right to have that, and it's a constant struggle.
And when you think about it, you're really doing them the favor, because if there's any chance
that they might hear and listen and repent, then they'll be spared that terrible destiny of Hell.
So, it's for their own good even though they dislike it. That's just human nature.
Lori: Do you want me to go on and...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, let's finish this. Lori: comments. Okay.
Dr. Khalifa: Let me just comment since...
It's very important to notice in verse 8 that it says,
[66:8] O you who believe, ... repent to GOD a sincere repentance. ...
This is directed to the believers, because the believers make mistakes.
I mean, the disbelievers, that's a hopeless case, but it is the believers who repent
and strive against the disbelievers and the hypocrites.
It's for their own good, like Lori said.
In, in another Sura, God says, in fact, it's Sura 4, it happens to be.
God says, here you are defending them in this life. Who's gonna be their advocate in the Hereafter?
So, it is to their own good that if somebody's gonna fall in a ditch, that you hold them by their clothes and shake him up.
You be stern, otherwise they'll fall in the ditch.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, go ahead.
Lori: The Myth of Intercession Shattered
[66:10] GOD cites as examples of those who disbelieved the wife of Noah and the wife of Lot. They were married to two of our righteous servants, but they betrayed them and, consequently, they could not help them at all against GOD. The two of them were told, "Enter the Hellfire with those who deserved it."
Pharaoh's Wife
[66:11] And GOD cites as an example of those who believed the wife of Pharaoh. She said, "My Lord, build a home for me at You in Paradise, and save me from Pharaoh and his works; save me from the transgressing people."
And Mary
[66:12] Also Mary, the Amramite. She maintained her chastity, then we blew into her from our spirit. She believed in the words of her Lord and His scriptures; she was obedient.
We're told here that there is no such thing as intercession, that each one of us is responsible for our own actions.
Here are the wife of Noah and the wife of Lot. Okay, they were prophets. They, they
were righteous, and it doesn't make any difference.
Their husbands cannot intercede on their behalf. Nobody can intercede on their behalf.
They're going to Hell because of their actions, for rejecting the messages that
the messengers brought, even though they were their husbands, didn't make any difference.
Dr. Khalifa: What is this?! Sorry about that.
Lori: That's okay.
Lori: And this is very specific. And then in the next verses, it's, it's the opposite.
Pharaoh, who was,
you know, God just said the most wicked person on earth. He was just so evil and wicked and just transgressed on earth,
and this woman was married to him, and it didn't make any difference.
She was there. She was stuck in that situation. She couldn't leave,
but it didn't make any difference. She believed, and you know, she, her prayer was for God to, to give her a place at Paradise.
You know, and it's okay.
You can believe under any circumstances, and she's an example for us.
And Mary, the mother of Jesus, she,
her chest, you know, she's held up as an example for all the women. She went through incredible tests.
I mean, you know, to have a son and a messenger and, and all of these things that she had to go through.
And she, in her time, she was an example. She maintained her chastity, and she believed in God's Word. She didn't doubt Him.
When the angel came and said, you're going to have a child. And she said, how can I have a child?
[3:47] ... no man has touched me?" ...
You know, what a thing.
Just think of it were you, and this happened to you. I mean, you know, talk about panic, and just, you know, and she didn't.
Lori: She just persevered, and, and she did what she had to do.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) "you're pregnant, kid."
Lori: It was a terrible thing that she had to go through. And she was accused of terrible things, and, you know, she just
persevered and was steadfast, and she will have her reward.
I mean, she is cited, and cited as an example for all time, to all people, as an example of a believer.
What better reward for her that she, you know, has this place in, in God's history.
Lori: IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH. Good job, as usual. God bless you. Congratulations.
We have to... Ben, Ben, sit down. Hey, hey, hey. We're not done yet.
We're gonna recite Al-Fãtehah twice today. First, Farhad Moini's birthday would be Thursday. So, we're gonna celebrate
today and next Friday, IN SHAA ALLAH, because it's closer to his birthday.
But we're gonna grab this chance to recite Al-Fãtehah, so God will give him and his wonderful family
a great year coming up, and every year to be greater than the previous year, IN SHAA ALLAH.
God never turns us down.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
We read Al-Fãtehah for Soad and Ahmad Rayan, and both of them passed. They made it.
Alhamdu Lillah
And we need to read Al-Fãtehah now for Frank who's gonna take the state exam, and
he needs one of those big Fãtehahs, so he'll pass, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Congratulations, everybody.
Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: Don't lose your Quran now. For the next time, we're gonna start at 67. Next week, our teacher will be Gatut.
Dr. Khalifa: Gatut.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
A woman: Yesterday...