Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem. In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Islam actually began with the first man, the first human being, Adam. He was the
first messenger of God. He brought to his children, and grandchildren,
the message of worshiping God alone. And this is Islam, submitting to God,
worshiping God alone. A series of messengers after Adam
brought the same message, worship God alone. The first commandment in the Bible,
the message of Moses, the message of Jesus, the messages of all the prophets of
Israel, David, Solomon, and so on, is one and the same, the first commandment,
worship God with all your heart, all your body, and all your soul. Worship
God alone. The Quran states very clearly that the religion as far as God is
concerned is Islam. So, there is only one religion as far as God is concerned.
If you want to be more specific, the original prophet of Islam is Abraham
because he brought all the religious practices in Islam. And we see this
throughout the Quran. For example, in Sura 21, verse 73 tells us
that Abraham was the original source of... of course, God is the original source
of everything, but Abraham delivered to us the Salat prayer, the contact prayers, and the
Zakat charity. This is in Sura 21 verse 73. And we see this also with the
fasting, the Hajj pilgrimage. All the practices of Islam came to us through
the prophet Abraham. The prophet Muhammad contributed the message, the
scripture of Islam which is the Quran.
Abraham was the original prophet of Islam.
All religious duties in Islam came to us through Abraham.
All religious duties in Islam came to us through Abraham.
The prophet Muhammad contributed the message, the scripture of Islam, which is the
Quran. God revealed the Quran to us through the Prophet Muhammad. The Prophet
Muhammad was born in the year 570 AD. And when he was 40 years of age, he was
appointed God's final prophet. Prophet means he brought a new
scripture, the final edition of God's message to the world and that is the
Quran. The Quran was given to the prophet
Muhammad in one night, as we see in the Quran in many many verses, in Sura 17
verse 1, in Sura 44 verse 3, and in Sura 97.
The release of the Quran from Muhammad's soul to his mouth and his hand was done
over a period of 23 years from his age of 40 to the age of 63. He died
at the age of 63. So, over a period of 23 years, the Quran was being released
after being placed in Muhammad's heart on the night of power - in Arabic لَيْلَةِ ٱلْقَدْرِ
The purpose of releasing the Quran over
23-year period is to help the Prophet and the believers, at the time, to
memorize the Quran as it was being released. And this is stated in the Quran.
In the Quran it says (25:32) لِنُثَبِّتَ بِهِۦ فُؤَادَكَ to fix it in your memory.
So, the release was very slowly, very gradually, and it took 23 years.
Prophet Muhammad's role was to deliver God's final message, the Quran.
God created the universe and created the human race and out of His mercy, He sent
messengers and books to tell us about Him. All these messengers and all the
books that God sent to us preach one and the same religion.
The first messenger was Adam himself, the father of all humanity. After him, came
messengers like Noah, Jesus, Moses, Muhammad. Muhammad was the last prophet bringing
the last scripture, the Quran. And in the Quran, we find everything we need,
all the duties, obligations, commandments, prohibitions in Islam. Quran is the
final scripture. It is the completion of the message. Because the previous
scriptures were suited for that stage of human development. The Quran came to
complete the picture and now we have the final, the complete religion, Islam.
The Quran is all you need. In fact, because God said that the Quran is complete,
perfect, and fully detailed, if you go to any other source, you will be disobeying
God and disobeying the messenger of God, Muhammad who brought this Quran out of
his mouth. God brought to us the Quran out of
Muhammad's mouth. And you will be disobeying God and disobeying Muhammad
if you follow any other sources besides the Quran. And specifically I mean sources
like Hadith, Sunnah, and all the other books and things that the traditions and
the customs invented. If you go to any source besides the Quran, you will be
disobeying God. Because clearly God says in Sura number 6, verse
114, for example, that the Quran is fully detailed. You don't need anything
else. God says in verse 19 of Sura number 6 that the Quran is what was given to
Muhammad to deliver to the world, and it is the only source for religious guidance
and religious education. The Quran tells us exactly what the
essentials of Islam are, and they are... Very quickly, I'm gonna go into details of
these later on. Number one: to believe in God alone. You do not have any other idols.
You are devoted to God alone, and this is represented by the SHAHADA, the first
so-called pillar of Islam. Let us go along with that idea. The first pillar
of Islam is the SHAHADA, and the SHAHADA is stated in the Quran in Sura number 3
verse 81.
Excuse me, it's verse 18. Sura 3, verse 18. It says شَهِدَ ٱللَّهُ means God bears
witness, أَنَّهُۥ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ that there is no god except He.
And also the angels and those who possess knowledge will make this SHAHADA,
which is La Elaha Ella Allah or Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah. This is the first
pillar in Islam. Sura number 3, verse number 18.
The SHAHADA, the first pillar of Islam is La Elaha Ella Allah. If you want to make it
complete, then you say Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah. I bear witness that
there is no god except Allah, the one God. Now, don't add anything else.
Some people, who imitate old inventions and old traditions, will say
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah and then they make another SHAHADA that Muhammad is a messenger of
God. We know that Muhammad is a messenger of God, but if you inject this
in the SHAHADA, this ruins everything, because now you don't have God ALONE.
You put an idol, Muhammad, next to God. And this is, by the way, is a very strong
prohibition in the Quran that you put any other name besides the name of Allah,
the name of God. We find this in Sura number 39 verse 45.
You must say, you must devote yourself to God ALONE. You do not idolize
Muhammad and put him next to God. This will be going against God and against Muhammad.
So, the first pillar of Islam is SHAHADA La Elaha Ella Allah.
The first pillar of Islam is worshiping God ALONE.
This is expressed by bearing witness that there is no god except the One GOD.
Verse 18 of Sura 3 teaches the correct statement: There is no god except the one God (La Elaha Ella Allah)
So, the first pillar of Islam is SHAHADA La Elaha Ella Allah. The second pillar is observing five
contact prayers every day. This is the food for your soul. This is a favor that God
is doing for you. You're not doing it for God. And the five contact prayers begin
before sunrise. You must get up before sunrise in order to feed your
soul, give you soul breakfast. Your body will be lazy and will not
want to get out of bed before sunrise. But for your sake, get out of bed before
sunrise and do the Morning contact prayer, whereby you contact your creator
and feed your soul. The second prayer... by the way, the details
of the prayers are given on another videotape that we call Principles of
Muslim prayer. So, be sure you order that tape and see how the contact prayers are
performed, the correct way, not the traditional innovations that we see in
the Muslim world. The second prayer is the Noon prayer.
And it begins as soon as the sun declines from the highest spot in the sky. That is
the Noon prayer, consists of four units. The Morning prayer is two units. The
Noon contact prayer is four units. The Afternoon contact is done about three or
four hours after the noon prayer in the mid afternoon.
And the fourth contact prayer is the Sunset prayer or Maghrib. And it is done
immediately after sunset. And the final contact prayer, the Night prayer, must be
done about two hours after sunset. So, these are the five contact prayers
and they represent the second pillar of Islam.
The second pillar of Islam is the Contact Prayers [Specified actions and words]
There are 5 Contact Prayers per day, Morning, Noon, Afternoon, Sunset, and the Night Contact.
These are the daily meals for the soul to nourish the real person [That's you].
The third pillar of Islam is fasting, in Arabic, SIYAM.
God commands us to fast during one month of the year, and it is the ninth
month of the lunar calendar. Now, I'm smiling because there is a
tremendous test in this system, where the lunar year is shorter than the solar year,
and this makes the month of Ramadan move about 10 to 15 days every year.
So, it comes in the winter sometimes when the day is nice and short and fasting is
very easy, and moves to the summer where the days are very long, 16 hours or more
sometimes, and the day is hot and you can't eat or drink during this long
period. And a lot of people will drop out. They will... they will not fast even though
nobody dies by not eating or drinking for 24 hours. But some people
will drop out and you can see that the system is designed to show who will fast
and would obey God's commandment, no matter how long the day is.
This changing of the day from short and cold to long and hot days will show
us who are the dropouts, who will fast only if the day is short and nice and
cold. So, this is the second pillar of Islam, fasting during the month of
Ramadan, the ninth month of the Islamic calendar.
The third pillar of Islam is Fasting during one month [Ramadan].
From dawn to sunset, Muslims do not eat or drink or have any sexual activity [during Ramadan]
As you see, the fasting of Ramadan is also designed to tame the wild horse,
your body. See, your body wants to eat and drink,
and you, the real person or the soul, dictates on the body saying no, you're
not going to eat or drink until sunset. Because the fasting consists of not
eating or drinking or engaging in intercourse, sexual intercourse from dawn
to sunset. Dawn means about two hours before sunrise to sunset, no eating, no
drinking, no sex. And this is control of your wild horse.
You are taming the wild horse, your body. And you can see that God is training you,
is teaching you to be a person of a strong will,
and preparing you for the eternal life of the Hereafter, the real life.
Because in the real life that comes after this life, God wants the people who are strong,
who practice and exercise and know how to control themselves, I mean, their
their bodies. This also causes your soul to feed, grow and develop.
Fasting makes you the boss, not your body ... The soul commands the body to control itself.
Fasting prepares us for a position of prominence and leadership in the real life [Hereafter].
The fourth pillar of Islam is charity, in Arabic, ZAKAT. There is an obligatory
charity where you sit down and you calculate exactly what you possess, what
your possessions are, and you give away a portion,
a fixed portion of your net worth. You do this once a year.
You pick out a specific day in the year, the last day of Ramadan, the first day of Ramadan,
or the first day of January, one day, one fixed day in the year.
And you sit down on that day and you calculate how much you are worth.
This means you add up the market value of your house, your car, your clothes,
anything that you posses if you sell it all today. How much will it be worth?
The fair market value, not the new... the price of the new thing, no, the present
market value of everything you posses. And then you give away 2.5% of that.
See? It's a small percentage. And you do it once a year.
And it goes to specific people.
The Quran lists them in this priority: first your parents.
If your parents are rich... and these are the recipients of your
charity. If your parents are rich, the second in the list are you relatives.
You give this 2.5%, you give it to your relatives. If they're all rich,
then you find some orphans, people who do not have support, parental support, a father
support or something. And you give this charity to them.
After the orphans, you give to the alien, somebody who's traveling and is
stranded and doesn't have the money or the bus fare to go to his home town,
you help that person. So, the order in the Quran is: the parents, the relatives,
the orphans, the traveling alien, the poor the beggars and so on. So, there is a
specific order for giving these charities. However, there is also
a general charity called Sadaqa and this is an on-the-spot charity. You're
walking in the street and you see a poor person and you want to help, then you
help that person and this is called Sadaqa or charity. You're supposed to be
charitable the whole year, all the time. You must be charitable. But the ZAKAT
is the obligatory charity where you give it to someone you personally know.
You personally know that this fellow is poor and needs help and you give your 2.5%
to these people that you personally know. You cannot consider
the taxes, for example, as ZAKAT charity, because you don't know where the taxes
will go. They can go to fix the street or something, or to the army or something.
But the idea behind ZAKAT is that you give it to the people that you
personally know are in need. And the Quran, as I said, lists the parents first,
the relatives, your own - you start with your own people then you go to
other strangers in that order.
The fourth pillar of Islam is Zakat charity.
Zakat is obligatory once a year and is 2.5% of your net worth at the time..
Quran specifies the recipients as people you know, beginning with your parents
The fifth pillar of Islam is Hajj pilgrimage to the Holy Land in Mecca.
And this is only, of course, for the people who can afford it. When you can
afford it, you go to Mecca and you observe Hajj, and this is commemoration of
the prophet Abraham, not the man Abraham but his
exemplary submission to God. He thought... he saw a dream one time and he thought
that God was commanding him to sacrifice his only son, Ismail.
And he proceeded to carry out this command even though God did not order
him to do it. He just thought in a dream that God was ordering him to do it. But he was
willing to sacrifice his own son in submission to God, and of course, God
intervened to save Ismail and Abraham from this tragedy. And God
substituted a sheep to be sacrificed instead of Ismail. And this is what you
do when you go to Hajj. So, and Hajj consists of arriving in Mecca dressed
only in untailored clothes, just a sheet or something.
and seamless shoes or sandals, seamless
clothes and seamless sandal. The women dress in a regular dress that is
simple. So, you cannot tell the rich from the poor.
The fifth pillar of Islam is pilgrimage Hajj to Mecca.
To observe Hajj, you go to
Mecca dressed in seamless clothes and seamless sandals. This is for the men.
The women dress modestly in regular modest dress, all white dress, for
example, so you cannot tell the rich from the poor. You get to Mecca and you go
around the Ka‘bah in Mecca seven times. Then, you go between Safa and Marwah, the
knolls of Safa and Marwah seven times. Then, you go to 'Arafat, Mount 'Arafat and you
stand there the whole day, which is the 10th day of the twelfth, the last month in
the Islamic calendar. The tenth day of the Hijr. You spend that whole day on
Mount 'Arafat commemorating God, worshiping and praying. And then, you go to
Mina, it's a little town near Mecca. You go to Mina for two or three days.
Then, you go back to the Ka‘bah, go around it seven times, which is called the farewell
circumambulation around the Ka‘bah, and this is it. Now, my advice to you is
never to go to Medina because people go to Medina and they ruin their Hajj. They
go to the Prophet Muhammad's tomb, mausoleum, and they idolize the
prophet and this ruins everything, ruins the whole religion not just Hajj. So, Hajj
must be done only in Mecca where you go around the Ka‘bah seven times, between
Safa and Marwah seven times, you go to 'Arafat for one day and to Mina for two or
three days, and this is it. These are specific steps that are mentioned in the
Quran. And by the way, all these duties in Islam came to us
through the prophet Abraham. If you look at Sura 22, the last verse, number 78,
you will see that Abraham is the source, is the father of Islam and the father of
Muslims. And if you look at Sura number 16 verse 123, you see that the prophet
Muhammad followed the religion of Abraham. Islam is the religion of
Abraham. He's the founder of Islam. And all the duties of Islam came from
IBRAHIM, not the prophet Muhammad. Muhammad brought the Quran. God brought the
Quran through Muhammad. So, this is why some people become confused when you
tell them that God says that the Quran is complete, perfect and fully detailed.
Because some of the old traditionalists will say ok, where is the number of Raka's
for the Noon prayer in the Quran? See, they forget that the contact prayers, the
fasting of Ramadan, the ZAKAT charity, and the Hajj pilgrimage, all these duties
came to us from Abraham, and the Quran says so. If you look at Sura 21
verse 73, it tells you that Abraham started the Salat and the Zakat. And in
Sura 22 entitled Hajj, you see that Abraham is the source of Hajj and so on.
The Quran says clearly that all duties and obligations came to us through the
prophet Abraham, and tells us in Sura 22 verse 78 that this is the religion
of Abraham. The prophet Muhammad simply contributed the Quran. And the Quran
is God's words that came through Muhammad. So, watch for this point and don't let anyone
trick you into thinking that the Quran is not complete. The most important
principle in Islam is God ALONE. You must be devoted to God alone. You do
not idolize the prophet Muhammad like the Christians did with the prophet
Jesus. You devote yourself completely to God alone, and you follow the word of God
alone, the Quran alone, no other sources. If you do,
you'll nullify all your work, as we see in Sura 39 where God says if you fall
in idol worship, all your works are nullified. You may do the Salat, the Zakat,
the charity, the Hajj, the fasting and all this and it will be all in vain unless
you are devoted to God alone. And you will declare your SHAHADA
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah. This is it. So, these are the basic essentials of Islam.
All our work would be nullified if we practice idol-worship. We must be devoted to God Alone.
The prohibitions are also important. There are four meats that you
cannot eat, for example. And these are number one, animals that die of
themselves without human interference. Number two, pork, the meat of pigs. Number
three, running blood, running blood that you can put in a glass and cook or drink.
Number four, animals dedicated to other than God that are specifically dedicated
to Muhammad or Jesus or Ali or somebody. These are forbidden. So, if you go to the market,
you go to Safeway Market, for example, and you look at the meat, if you want to know
if it is HALAL, permitted or HARAM, prohibited, you ask yourself these four
questions. Is this meat pork? The answer is no, then did these animals
die of themselves without human interference? The answer is no. Is this
running blood? The answer is no. Was this meat dedicated to Jesus or to anyone else or
Saint Francis? The answer is no. Therefore, this meat is HALAL. It's ok. You can eat
it. If you make it HARAM, if you prohibit it, then you are following some
other religion. You're not a Muslim when you do that. So, it is very important
to follow specifically what the Quran prohibits. If you prohibit anything else...
some people go to funny lengths like prohibiting soaps and brushes and shoes
and things like that, and of course, this is a religion that is not Islam, has
nothing to do with Islam.
Four Prohibited Meats 1. Dead Animals. 2. Running Blood. 3. Meat of Pigs. 4. Dedicated to Idols
Prohibitions not specifically mentioned in Quran belong to another religion.
Also prohibited are all intoxicants: alcohol, marijuana, anything that will affect your
mind. All intoxicants, anything that affects your capacity to think and to
have a healthy brain. So, all intoxicating drugs, weeds and alcohol, all these are
prohibited. Also, gambling is prohibited. Don't play the lottery. Believe me, it
will cost you more than... even if you win the jackpot, you will end up a loser.
Believe me for this is God is in control and He prohibited gambling, games of
chance of any kind.
Of course, the major prohibitions are listed in the Quran: adultery is
prohibited, murder, stealing, cheating, lying. God wants you to be a perfect
person, a nice person. Even breaking the promise is prohibited. You must be a
person of your word. You must be a man of your word, or a woman of your word. When
you say something, you do it and people must know you as such. This is what a
Muslim is all about.
All intoxicants are prohibited: Alcohol, Marijuana, LSD, etc. Anything that alters your mind.
Islam is proven to be the best way to fight drug and alcohol abuse.
Now, some people are fascinated by Hajj pilgrimage and they
just want to do it right away. You know, they're fascinated by the exotic country,
you know, Saudi Arabia and the trip and all that. But my advice to you is to
perfect your religion first. Believe me, it is not a very pleasant trip. There's a
million and a half or two million people making pilgrimage and it is a, an
exacting trial instead of enjoyment. You're not going as a tourist. It is a difficult
process and some people may become disillusioned when they go too
early, before the faith is strong enough. So, be sure you perfect your religion
first and then make the Hajj pilgrimage.
One needs to perfect the religion before going to Hajj. About 10 good years of prep'n needed.
Performing Hajj too early, often leads to opposite results. Arrogance..... and loss of faith.
Another thing to guard against with regard to Hajj is that some people go and
do the Hajj pilgrimage like I said before their faith is strong enough
and they come back puffed up and thinking you know, I'm perfect now. You know, I'm
cool, and nobody is like me. I did Hajj, you know. And it goes to their head.
And it brings the reverse result. They become worse Muslims than
better Muslims. So, you want to go and do Hajj pilgrimage after you perfect your
religion and this must make you humble, more humble.
And I remember the proverb that says don't be humble, you're not that great.
Performing Hajj should make us better, humble, Muslims.
Observing the Hajj pilgrimage is very easy. All you do is get ready financially
and with your vacations and everything, and then you travel to Saudi Arabia, Jedda.
As soon as you land there, they will assign a guide called Mutawwif to
you and the Mutawwif and his assistants will tell you exactly what to
do. But the main thing is that you memorize the statement Labbayka Allāhumma Labbyak
means my Lord, I respond to Your call, Labbayka Lā Shareeka Laka Labbayk
I respond to you. There is no partner with You.
And the whole statement will be taught to you by the Mutawwif.
The main statement that you need to know throughout Hajj goes like this
Labbayka Allāhumma Labbyak which means my Lord, I respond to Your call.
Labbayka Lā Shareeka Laka Labbayk, I respond to You. You have no partner. There is no partner with You, I respond to Your call.
And this is what it looks like. Here's the first word Labbayka
which means I respond to You. I respond to Your call. Labbayka.
Allāhumma which means my God or our God, Allāhumma.
Labbayka Allāhumma Labbayk.
Labbayka, I respond to Your call.
Lā means no. Shareeka means partner or idol. Lā Shareeka Laka, with You Labbayk,
I respond to a call.
Labbayka Allāhumma Labbyak Labbayka Lā Shareeka Laka Labbayk.
This is all you need. And you utter this statement. You
memorize it, and utter it all the time during Hajj, throughout Hajj, any time
you change direction, you climb a hill, down a hill, you meet friends, you say that.
Labbayka Allāhumma Labbyak Labbayka Lā Shareeka Laka Labbayk.
The details of the Hajj will be given to you by the guide that will be assigned to
you as soon as you arrive in Saudi Arabia.
Number 9, they do their Zakat obligatory charity wrong.
According to their laws now, they give the charity 2.5% of your
savings, above $50 that are one year old, once a year. This is the law of charity over there
which means the poor will die of starvation by the time you do that.
Now, if you look in the Quran, in Sura 6, we learn that charity must
go out whenever you receive money. Any money that enters your pocket and is yours,
the net, you take
2.5% - out of every $100 that's $2.5,
you give them away to your relatives, not to anybody else. This is the Zakat, the
obligatory charity. If you wanna build a school or a
mosque or a hospital, that is general charity. That's something else.
But 2.5% of your net income must go to the poor immediately
which means a continuous flow of money from people to the relatives, their
parents and their cousins and their sisters and brothers and so on. That's the correct way
of doing Zakat. And the Quran gives the zakat so
much importance, God says My mercy encompasses all things, but I will
designate it for those who give the Zakat.
So, this shows... in other words, if you don't give the Zakat, you're out of
God's mercy.
It is very important and they don't do it.
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
We praise God and we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
I want to go to... before I go another subject... Like I said, I'm just chatting with you. I'm not
supposed to be giving this Khutba.
I want to emphasize the Dawn prayer.
The Dawn prayer, you have no idea how important the Dawn prayer is. It dawned on
me, no pun intended. It just came out.
I was reading the Quran the other day and it dawned on me that God used the word
the Dawn prayer.
And when we were growing up, they taught us to do the morning prayer.
And I noticed that even until now, I say I intend to do the morning prayer,
Salat Al-Subh in Arabic. That is wrong. If you miss, if the Sun rises before you
do the morning prayer, you've missed the Dawn prayer. Because the Quran calls it the Dawn prayer
which means it must be done at dawn. And ironically, this morning, there's a
commercial now you can hear it. If you listen to the radio, you're gonna hear this
commercial about a truck driver who... listen carefully Iman... a truck driver
who is complaining. It's an Anacin commercial. And
complaining that he's driving long distances, and he becomes stiff after a long distance. So, again
the commercial is saying don't stay in the same position for a long time. Get out and
stretch in order to evade arthritis. And God is
telling us to do the Dawn prayer for our benefit.
Because if you want your mental health, before your physical health, you have to
get up at dawn and stretch and lubricate your joints at any cost.
And then we have this problem in Canada when I was visiting ten days ago,
and people were saying how the alarm... they just shut the alarm off and go back to sleep, and
I told them get the biggest and most obnoxious alarm and put it
far away from you at the other end of the room, because this is what you
need to do at the beginning. At the beginning, it is difficult to do the
Dawn prayer which is an indication to you that your soul is too weak and is
unable to control your body. This is a thermometer for you.
Because as you do the Dawn prayer as required by God, your soul will grow
and your body will become obedient to you.
And then, it will become easier and easier and then you'll enjoy it actually getting
up for the Dawn prayer. But it is for your physical benefit and for your mental
benefit. Do the Dawn prayer. Also, if you're here in Masjid Tucson, you're a very special person.
I assure you, you have no idea how special you are and you must - you know the
slightest - you must be perfect. You have to do the
five prayers. You have to do the Dawn prayer. Because your responsibility is also
great. God has given you a great opportunity.
And a great responsibility comes with the deal.
So, you have to do the Dawn prayer, please, the five prayers. But I'm emphasizing
right now the Dawn prayer because this is how it is mentioned,
for your physical health and your mental health.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are recording this program in August of 1987 because
something very important has happened. In fact, you will agree with me that what I'm
reporting to you today is the most significant, easily, the most significant
event in history. As you know, this world is plagued with
many problems: wars, famine, cancer, AIDS, and so on. Because
of my association as a scientist with the United Nations, I had the opportunity
to use computers to decode a message from outer space that brings the final
solutions to all our problems. I know this sounds unbelievable but once
you examine the evidence, you will agree with me.
Before I get to the exciting details, let me share with you a few facts. One of the
biggest problems in the world today is war. There is a war going on right now
between Iraq and Iran. The Shia Muslims are fighting the Sunni Muslims. The
Protestants and the Catholics are fighting in Ireland. The Hindus and the
Sikhs are fighting in India. The Jews and the Muslims, the Arabs are fighting in
the Middle East. And we all know the mess that is
happening right now in Lebanon. All these people, ironically, the Muslims,
the Jews, the Christians, the Hindus, the Sikhs, all of them have one thing in
common. They all believe in God.
A message from deep space has been decoded by the computer.
The message is mathematically composed and brings solutions to the world's problems.
The Christians believe in God. The Buddhists believe in God.
The Muslims believe in God. The Hindus, the Mormons, Jehovah witnesses,
they all believe in God. The one thing that divides them and causes them to
fight with each other is the human factors, human factors such as Jesus,
Muhammad, Buddha, Mary, and Joseph Smith, and so on. It is these human factors that
cause division among these people. And as intelligent and highly educated
generations of human beings, we can see that if we rise above these human
factors and unite on the basis of the one common denominator, the one
common link, namely belief in God, there will be no divisions.
God is the One who created you.
God is the One who provides for you.
God is the One who controls your life.
God is the One who will resurrect you.
God is the One who puts you in Heaven.
No one else does any of these things.
The mathematically coded message from outer space comes, as you will agree
after examining the physical evidence, comes from the Super Intelligent Creator.
And one of the first thing that it proposes to us in order to solve our
problems is to rise above the human factors that divide these people. With
all due respect to Jesus, Muhammad, Mary, Joseph Smith, and so on, we must
concentrate on the one common link. It is allegiance to these people that divides
us and causes the differences and wars. If we succeed in carrying out the first
proposal of this mathematically coded message, we will not fight each other
and we will be united and civilized.
If we are all devoted totally to the One who created us, there will be universal unity.
The supernatural mathematically coded message emphasizes that God is the One
who created you, that God is the One who provides for you, that God is the One who
terminates your life, God is the One who will resurrect you, and that we shall
focus on the one common link that binds all of us and not on helpless and
powerless people like Muhammad, Buddha, Jesus, and Mary, and so on.
In response to this first suggestion of the super natural message, I am urging
you to join me in forming Universal unity through devotion to God
alone. This way people will be united. They will not be fanatically biased to
human beings, and they will not fight with each other. They will join in the
one common factor that they all believe in: God.
Let us do something positive. Let us establish universal unity.
So, please call me right now and I will discuss the details with you. The number,
it's a free toll number, 1 800 992 5524.
In Arizona, please call me at 7 9 1 3 9 8 9. I will be glad
to send to you free details and discuss the matter with you on the telephone.