===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
In the name Of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful


Step by step explanation
of the daily 5 Contact Prayers.
What to do. What to say.


United Submitters International

739 E 6th street, Tucson, AZ 85719

(602) 791-3989

===== PDF PAGE 2 / PRINTED PAGE 1 =====
Abraham: Original Source of the Contact Prayers

The Quran teaches us in many suras that Submission (in Arabic “Islam”) is the
religion of Abraham (please consult 2:135, 3:95, 4:125, 6:161 and 22:78).
Muhammad was a follower of Abraham, as we learn from 16:123. All religious
practices in Submission (Islam) were given to us through Abraham; they include:

(1) the five daily Contact Prayers (Salat),
(2) the obligatory charity (Zakat),
(3) the fasting during Ramadan, and
(4) the Hajj Pilgrimage to Mecca.
Specifically, we learn from the Quran (21:73) that the Contact Prayers (Salat) and
the obligatory charity (Zakat) were given to Abraham.

Numerous verses throughout the Quran inform us that the Contact Prayers were
in existence, intact, and practiced before the advent of Muhammad (see for
example 8:35 & 9:54).

All positions of the Contact Prayers are found in the Quran, including the standing
position (3:39, 39:9), and the bowing and prostrating positions (Rukoo’ and
Sujood) (2:43, 3:43, 9:112, 22:26 & 77).

The Five Times Are Specified in the Quran

(1) The Dawn Prayer is mentioned by name in 24:58. Before sunrise.
(2) The Noon Prayer is specified in 17:78. When the sun declines.
(3) The Afternoon Prayer is in 2:238. Midway between noon and sunset.
(4) The Sunset Prayer is mentioned in 11:114. Immediately after sunset.
(5) The Night Prayer is in 11:114, and is mentioned by name in 24:58.
The Call to Prayer (Azaan)

Azaan is not a part of the Contact Prayers, nor is it required. But it has become a
tradition in the Muslim communities to summon the people to prayer through a
loud announcement. The original Azaan used to conform with the Quran’s
teachings, and became corrupted with time.

Originally, the call to prayer consisted of:

(1) Allahu Akbar (God is Great), 4 times.
(2) Laa Elaaha Ellah Allah (There is no other god beside God), once.

Many years later, some people added Muhammad’s name to the Azaan. This
violates God’s commandments in 2:136, 2:285, 3:84, 4:150 and 72:18. Later, other
groups of Muslims added the names of Ali and his family. Today, the Azaan is
severely corrupted throughout the Muslim world, and constitutes idol worship,
not Submission to God ALONE.


- Page 1 -

===== PDF PAGE 3 / PRINTED PAGE 2 =====
The Correct Azaan

If you pray by yourself, an Azaan is not needed. The Azaan is usually observed
when a group of people are ready to observe the prayer. One person stands up and
utters the Azaan words, or chants them as follows:

Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar (God is Great, God is Great).
Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar.
La Elaaha Ella Allah (There is no other god beside God).

Preparation for the Contact Prayer
(The Ablution)


O you who believe, in preparation for the Contact Prayer, you shall
(1) wash your faces,
(2) wash your arms to the elbows,
(3) wipe your heads with wet hands, and
(4) wash your feet to the ankles.
[5:6]


Like all other aspects of Submission, the Muslims have corrupted the ablution by
adding unauthorized steps. Ironically, the innovations became vested with such
authority that anyone who questions them finds himself accused of innovation!!

It is therefore crucial to uphold God’s commands by strictly observing the ablution
decreed in the Quran. Any additional steps represent another god besides God.

The Major Ablution

Following any sexual activity that results in a climax (orgasm/ejaculation), one
must bathe or take a shower (4:43).

The Dry Ablution (Tayammum)

If water is not available, one must touch clean dry soil, then wipe his hands and
face. This suffices as a substitute for ablution (4:43; 5:6).

What Nullifies Ablution

Digestive excretions through the intestines, including gas, solids, or urine nullify
ablution. Sleeping also nullifies ablution, since one becomes unaware. Thus, one
may observe a number of Contact Prayers with one ablution, provided he or she
does not go to the bathroom, pass gas, or fall asleep.


- Page 2 -

===== PDF PAGE 4 / PRINTED PAGE 3 =====
HOW TO PERFORM THE CONTACT PRAYERS

1. Face the direction of Mecca (Qiblah):

This is an organizational point decreed by God in 2:125. God wills that all
Submitters must face the same direction when they observe the Contact Prayers.
In the U.S., the direction is slightly South of East.

2. The Intention:

In your own language, secretly or audibly, state your intention that you are about
to observe the Contact Prayer. Remember to state the time (Dawn, Noon,
Afternoon, Sunset, or Night).

3. Raise your hands to the sides of your face:

Your thumbs touch your ears, and the palms of your
hands face forward.

4. Say, “Allahu Akbar”:

As you raise your hands to the sides of your face,
then move them down to your sides in a continuous
motion, you say, “Allahu Akbar” (God is Great).
This opens up the prayer. You are in contact with
your Creator.

5. The Standing Position:

You are now standing with your arms resting
naturally at your sides. Some people place the left
hand on the stomach, and the right hand on top of
the left hand. Either position is correct you may
place your hands on your stomach while standing,
or you may let your arms hand down by your sides.

6. Recite “The Key” (Sura 1) in Arabic:

We learn from 2:37 that God gives us the words by
which we establish contact with Him. We must
utter the specific sounds dictated in “The Key.” A
translation of “The Key” would be human-made.
The Arabic sounds of “The Key” represent a
numerical How to Do the Prayers 41 combination
that opens the treasure. Like a telephone number,
unless the specific numbers are dialed, contact
cannot be established. This is all the Arabic you
need. Everything else can be said in your own
language.

- Page 3 -

===== PDF PAGE 5 / PRINTED PAGE 4 =====
Reciting “The Key” in Arabic unifies all Submitters of the world, regardless of
their languages.

[ The Key: ]

1. BISMIL LAAHIR RAHMAANIR RAHEEM.
(In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.)
2. AL HAMDU LILLAAHI RABBIL ‘AALAMEEN.
(Praise be to God, Lord of the universe.)
3. AR RAHMAANIR RAHEEM.
(Most Gracious, Most Merciful.)
4. MAALIKI YAWMID DEEN.
(Master of the Day of Judgment.)
5. EYYAAKA NA’BUDU, WA EYYAAKA NASTA’EEN.
(Only You we worship; only You we ask for help.)
6. EHDENAS SIRAATAL MUSTAQEEM.
(Guide us in the straight path.)
7. SIRAATAL LAZINA AN’AMTA ‘ALAYHIM
(The path of those whom You blessed)
GHAYRIL MAGHDOOBI ‘ALAYHIM WAL ADD A ALL EEN
(Not of those who incur wrath, nor the strayers).

Since “The Key” is recited 17 times a day, it will
become easy for you to recite and understand in a
few weeks; it will become like your mother
tongue.
7. The bowing position (Rukoo’):

After reciting “The Key” while standing, you bow
down into the position of Rukoo’. As shown in the
figure, you bow down from the waist, keep the
knees straight, and place your hands on your knees.
Your eyes look at a point about 2 feet in front of
you.

As you move from the standing position to the
bowing position you say, “Allahu Akbar.”

While bowing you say, “Subhaana Rabbiyal
‘Azeem” or “God be glorified.”
8. Stand up:

As you stand up from the bowing position to the
standing position you say, “Sami ‘Allahu Liman
Hamidah,” or “God responds to those who praise
Him.”

- Page 4 -

===== PDF PAGE 6 / PRINTED PAGE 5 =====
You remain in the standing position only a
second, then you fall prostrate. As you go from
the standing position to the prostration position
you say, “Allahu Akbar.”

9. The Prostration Position (Sujood):

From the standing position you go down on your
knees, then place your forehead on the floor
about 1-2 feet in front of your knees (see figure).

During prostration you say, “Subhaana Rabbiyal
A’laa” or “God be glorified.”

10. The Sitting Position:

As you sit up from the prostration position, you
say, “Allahu Akbar.” You remain in the sitting
position only a second, then you go down for the
second prostration.

As you go down for the second prostration you
say, “Allahu Akbar.”

During the second prostration you say,
“Subhanna Rabbiyal A’laa.” Once you complete
the second prostration, you have completed one
full unit (Rak’ah).
11. Stand up for the second unit:

As you stand up you say, “Allahu Akbar.”

The Dawn Prayer

This Contact Prayer consists of 2 units. Thus,
when you get up from the second prostration,
you say, “Allahu Akbar,” and you assume the
sitting position. While in the sitting position
you pronounce the First Pillar of Submission,
the Shahaadah:

Ash-Hadu Allaa Elaaha Ellaa Allah.
(I bear witness that there is no other god beside God.)
Wahdahu Laa Shareeka Lah.
(He ALONE is God; He has no partner.)
Look to the right and say, “Assalaamu
Alaikum,” then to the left and say the same.
This completes the Dawn Prayer.


- Page 5 -

===== PDF PAGE 7 / PRINTED PAGE 6 =====
The Noon Prayer

This prayer consists of 4 units. Thus, you do the first two units exactly as
explained for the Dawn Prayer up to the sitting position [step 10]. You pronounce
the First Pillar (known as “Shahaadah”) then you stand up for the third unit. You
do not utter the Salaams (Assalamu Alaikum).

As you stand up for the third unit you say, “Allahu Akbar.” The third and fourth
units are identical to the first two units.

When you get up from the second prostration of the fourth unit, you say “Allahu
Akbar” and you assume the sitting position. In the sitting position you pronounce
the Shahaadah, and you say the Salaams on both sides. This concludes the Noon
Prayer.

The Afternoon Prayer

This prayer is identical to the Noon Prayer. Only the “Intention” of course is
different.

The Sunset Prayer

This prayer consists of three units. Thus, when you complete the second
prostration of the third unit you do not stand up; you assume the sitting position,
recite the Shahaadah, then you utter the Salaams on both sides. This concludes the
Sunset Prayer.

The Night Prayer

This prayer is identical with the other 4-unit prayers, the Noon and the Afternoon
Prayers.

The Contact Prayers and the Quran’s Mathematical Code

As noted above, the Dawn, Noon, Afternoon, Sunset and Night Prayers consist of
2, 4, 4, 3, & 4 units, respectively. When we put these 5 numbers next to each other
we get 24434, and this number is a multiple of 19 (24434 = 19 x 1286). The
common denominator of the Quran’s code is 19. This phenomenon confirms that
the number of units for each Contact Prayer has been reserved intact, and the
sequence 2, 4, 4, 3 and 4 is also confirmed.

Your Tone of Voice During the Contact Prayers

Your shall not be too loud during your Contact Prayers, nor shall you say them
secretly; you shall maintain an intermediate tone [17:110]. During a group prayer,
only the Imam is audible; everyone else listens.


- Page 6 -

===== PDF PAGE 8 / PRINTED PAGE 7 =====
The Group Prayer

Two or more people may observe the Contact Prayers together. One person leads
the group prayer, uttering “The Key” in a loud enough voice to be heard by
everyone in the group. Other utterances must be silent. Anyone may join the group
late, in the middle of the prayer. He or she must make the same moves as the
group, then, at the end of the prayer, he or she must stand up and make up whatever
portion was missed.

The Friday Prayer

The Friday Congregational Prayer (Salat Al-Jum’ah) is so important, a whole sura
is entitled “Friday” and a commandment is decreed in verse nine to observe this
prayer. Every Submitter -man, woman, and child- is commanded by God to
observe the Friday Congregational Prayer.

The Friday Prayer replaces the Noon Prayer every Friday. Instead of 4 units, the
Friday Prayer consists of listening to two sermons delivered by the Imam, and two
units of prayer.

Each sermon must begin with “Al-Hamdu Lillah” (Praise be to God), “Laa Elaaha
Ella Allah” (No other god beside God). Each sermon should last 10-15 minutes
and must be delivered in the language of the congregation. At the end of the first
sermon, the congregation is asked to repent, “Tooboo Ela Allah.” The Imam then
sits down for about a minute and makes his repentance together with the
congregation, then stands up for the second sermon. The second sermon ends by
asking one of the people to say the Azaan. The Imam then leads the 2-unit prayer.

At the end of every prayer

The worshipers may shake hands, hug each other, and/or exchange greetings after
completing the prayer. The custom is to say to each other, “Congratulations.” This
is because the Contact Prayers are a gift from God, that helps us nourish and
develop our souls. One should be congratulated upon completing such a blessed
accomplishment.

For More Information

This booklet should be used in conjunction with our audio or video tape in order
to practice the correct pronunciation of the Arabic words. The audio/video tape
provides the sounds and visual effects that will help you learn the correct
pronunciations.

Write or Call:

United Submitters International, 739 E 6th St, Tucson, AZ 85719

(602) 791-3989


- Page 7 -

