Dr. Khalifa: ... (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, if I (unintelligible), you have the choice, I mean, to agree with it or disagree with it.
And when you express an opinion, you may convince me of changing my opinion, or I may choose not to take your opinion.
So, the purpose of reading Al-Fãtehah is for Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala to guide us to see the truth and to remain as brothers, whether the difference between us or not.
And I'm hoping that the people who hate me this morning will love me at the end of their (unintelligible)
Because I love them (unintelligible). I'm happy.
I know you're sincere.
And I know that most people who go to the mosque or church will break God's law.
We're all Muslims, and I love you for it.
You are very enthusiastic, and I love you for it.
And I hope at the end, we will be brothers.
I may have a different opinion than you. You may have a different opinion than mine.
But I'm convinced, and I really mean it, that you are sincere people.
And I love you are here, and not in a nightclub, or watching a dancer, or breaking God's law in any way.
You'll never break God's law. I know that you follow the Quran.
So, and I grew up in the same conditions as you.
I passed through the same stages that you're passing through.
And we change, people change, because we learn, otherwise there is no use.
Every day that we don't learn something, and we change a little bit, is not worth living.
So, we're going to read Al-Fãtehah now, and we sincerely turn to Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala to guide us to the truth.
Guide me to the truth, and guide you to the truth.
And we'll be sincere, IN SHAA ALLAH, in reciting Al-Fãtehah.
For only Quran says Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
Alhamdu Lillah
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
Praise be to God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah.
And I bear witness that there is no god except the One God.
Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
He alone is God. He has no partners.
Our topic this morning is, why...
This is Canada, North America, the folks say anything they want.
This is not Egypt or Iraq, or any other place.
They say anything they want.
The topic this morning is (unintelligible) or the reason why we are here.
"Why are we here? What is our objective?"
Are we here to go to school and get a degree, and make a lot of money, and build a big house, and have a beautiful wife, and a lot of children?
Are we here for this, to make a lot of money, and have a nice home, be respectful to society?
What are we here for?
The teacher, Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala, in the Quran, teaches us, tell us why we are here.
In Sura Al-Dhãreyãt, number 51, Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala says,
(51:56) وَمَا خَلَقْتُ ٱلْجِنَّ وَٱلْإِنسَ إِلَّا لِيَعْبُدُونِ
These are two negatives.
[51:56] I did not create the humans and the jinns except to worship Me alone.
That's what Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala said.
So, that is the purpose of, of us being here.
But what we forget to remember is that we have an archenemy.
You and I have a common enemy that we must band together against, instead of fighting with each other.
And this archenemy, that is your enemy and my enemy, is called Iblis (Satan).
He swore by God's Majesty.
(38:82) فَبِعِزَّتِكَ لَأُغْوِيَنَّهُمْ أَجْمَعِينَ
"I swear by Your Majesty, I will deceive them all."
(38:83) إِلَّا عِبَادَكَ مِنْهُمُ ٱلْمُخْلَصِينَ
The only people who can escape the grip of Iblis (Satan) are the people who are totally devoted Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
(38:83) إِلَّا عِبَادَكَ مِنْهُمُ ٱلْمُخْلَصِينَ
Iblis swore that he will come from in front of us, from behind us, from our right and our left.
لَـَٔاتِيَنَّهُم مِّنۢ بَيْنِ أَيْدِيهِمْ وَمِنْ خَلْفِهِمْ وَعَنْ أَيْمَـٰنِهِمْ وَعَن (7:17) شَمَآئِلِهِمْ ۖ وَلَا تَجِدُ أَكْثَرَهُمْ شَـٰكِرِينَ
[7:17] "... You will find that most of them are unappreciative."
of You.
Satan (Iblis), unfortunately, succeeded to a great extent.
And this is recorded in the Quran, and we see it in life.
Of all the followers of Jesus Christ, how many billions follow him as he really wants to be followed?
How many Christians believe that Jesus is a messenger of God?
And how many believe that he's son of God, or God, or part of the Trinity?
How many of them love Jesus, of the Christians?
This is what Iblis did to them.
Iblis convinced them that they love Jesus so much that he must be greater than a human being and a messenger of God.
Satan came to them from their right, from their left, from their front, from their back.
And you see the results.
You and I agree on the results of what happened to the Christians.
You and I agree on what happened to the Jews.
First, he made them disrespect their prophets.
They killed their prophets.
They have no respect for Moses.
They have no respect for any of the prophets. And historically, as recorded in the Quran, the Jews killed their prophets.
They have absolutely no respect for them.
But Satan, Iblis, turned around and he made them reverence and worship their scholars.
(9:31) ٱتَّخَذُوٓا۟ أَحْبَارَهُمْ وَرُهْبَـٰنَهُمْ أَرْبَابًۭا مِّن دُونِ ٱللَّهِ
They set up their rabbis and their priests as gods beside God.
How?
The Ahbar (أَحْبَار) and the Rohban (رُهْبَـٰنَ),
the rabbis and the priests wrote for them the Talmud,
which is divided into two parts, Mishnah which means Hadith and Gemarrah which means Sunna. This is the Talmud.
(unintelligible)
The Talmud is now followed by the Jews, not the Torah. They do not follow the Torah. They follow the Talmud.
Iblis succeeded with the Jews and misled them.
(9:31) ٱتَّخَذُوٓا۟ أَحْبَارَهُمْ وَرُهْبَـٰنَهُمْ أَرْبَابًۭا مِّن دُونِ ٱللَّهِ
They, they set up their religious scholars as gods besides God.
And they take the words of God, the Torah.
With the Christians, Satan misled them by the millions.
I mean, you can stand here and say "are those millions upon millions of Christians wrong and you are right?"
You can say that.
And of course, they are wrong.
And it's because of Iblis.
And because idol worship is very subtle.
أَخْفَى مِنْ دَبِيبِ النَّمْلِ
Shirk
If there's an ant crawling in there, you will not see it.
And if you hold an idol worship, if I hold an idol worship, we will not see it, unless we resort to the Quran.
Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala is The Savior who gives us criteria to detect our idol worship.
The Quran teaches us that the Shirk is so hidden, idol worship is so hidden, that you and I swear, by God, that we are not idol worshipers.
And until the Day of Judgment, some people will swear by God,
face to face, on the Day of Judgment, that they are not idol worshipers.
(6:22) وَيَوْمَ نَحْشُرُهُمْ جَمِيعًۭا
On the Day, we gather them all.
(6:22) ثُمَّ نَقُولُ لِلَّذِينَ أَشْرَكُوٓا۟ أَيْنَ شُرَكَآؤُكُمُ ٱلَّذِينَ كُنتُمْ تَزْعُمُونَ
Then, we say to the idol worshipers, where are your idols now to help you?
(6:23) ثُمَّ لَمْ تَكُن فِتْنَتُهُمْ إِلَّآ أَن قَالُوا۟ وَٱللَّهِ رَبِّنَا مَا كُنَّا مُشْرِكِينَ
Their only answer would be "we swear by God, our Lord, we were not idol worshipers."
(6:24) ٱنظُرْ كَيْفَ كَذَبُوا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَنفُسِهِمْ
I mean, I can lie to somebody, I can lie to other people, but lying to myself!?
They lied to themselves.
They told themselves "I am not an idol worshiper."
"I swear by God, my Lord, that I am not an idol worshiper."
And on the Day of Judgment, face to face with Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala, they will swear,
"by God, our Lord, we are not idol worshipers."
We learn in Sura Al-Nahl, Sura 16, verse 22, that what we say with our mouths does not mean a thing.
I can say "I believe in God, I believe in the Hereafter", but my heart inside may deny that.
(16:22) إِلَـٰهُكُمْ إِلَـٰهٌۭ وَٰحِدٌۭ ۚ
[2:163] Your god is one god
(16:22) فَٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ قُلُوبُهُم مُّنكِرَةٌۭ
Those who do not believe in the Hereafter, their hearts inside are denying what they say with their mouths.
(unintelligible)
Well, and how do we know then that we are not idol worshipers?
How do I know that I'm not an idol worshiper?
If it is a fact, and it is a fact because it is mentioned in Quran, that there are people, on the Day of Judgment, who swear
(6:23) وَٱللَّهِ رَبِّنَا مَا كُنَّا مُشْرِكِينَ
How do I know that I am not one of those people?
There's one way to find out, and that is to wait until the Day of Judgment and then find out.
I go in that group and I say,
وَٱللَّهِ رَبِّنَا مَا كُنت مُشْرِك
And then, I find out that I was idol worshiper and I was unaware.
This is one way of finding out, and you will agree with me that it is not the right way.
The other right way, the other way, is to find out now.
You and I want to find out if we are worshipping our Creator, who created us or not.
(30:40) ٱللَّهُ ٱلَّذِى خَلَقَكُمْ ثُمَّ رَزَقَكُمْ ثُمَّ يُمِيتُكُمْ ثُمَّ يُحْيِيكُمْ
[30:40] GOD is the One who created you. ...
God is the One provided for you. God is the One who will terminate your life. God is the One who resurrects you.
So, you and I must find out whether we are worshipping our Creator, our Provider, or not.
The message of Quran states that it is Allah alone. This is the key that we must worship.
That Allah alone will not need any help or assistance or a servant or a king or anything with Him, that we accept Allah alone by Himself.
What are the criteria? How do we find out?
The intelligent, first, if I am intelligent, I will put myself on trial.
I will say "Rashad Khalifa, you are an idol worshipper, but you don't know."
And I want to prove very hard that I am not an idol worshipper, but first I must accuse myself of being an idol worshipper.
And you come to me and say "Rashad Khalifa, you're an idol worshipper."
If I am smart, I will say "wait a minute, maybe I am."
Let us see, let us prove that I am an idol worshipper, until I fail.
I must, actually, set out to prove that I am an idol worshipper, and not be convinced until I fail to prove that I am an idol worshipper.
I have to put myself on trial.
We must hold ourselves accountable here.
And we have the book that will teach us how to find out.
There are criteria in the Quran. This is why one of the names of the Quran is Al-Furqãn.
It provides criteria to tell us "am I an idol worshipper or not?"
I have to assume that I am.
(unintelligible)
Because we are free in this world to say anything. We are free to believe in anything.
And this is our chance to correct any error or any mistake that you may fall in.
The first criterion, we find in Sura Al-Zumer.
Sura 39, verse 45.
And here's the criterion, it says,
وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ
When God alone is mentioned,
ٱشْمَأَزَّتْ قُلُوبُ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ
The heart of those who do not believe in the Hereafter... remember the verse?
(16:22) ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ ... قُلُوبُهُم مُّنكِرَةٌۭ
Their hearts are denying.
The hearts of those who do not believe in the Hereafter become upset. They become upset.
وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ
When God alone is mentioned, they become upset.
So, I have to ask myself "Rashad Khalifa, you're an idol worshipper", and I want to apply this criterion to you.
If God alone is mentioned, do you become upset?
I'm asking myself.
If I am upset, according to this Quranic criterion, because I say "Allah alone", then I must accuse myself of being an idol worshipper.
I must be convinced that I am idol worshipper, because the Quran says so.
(39:45) وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ ٱشْمَأَزَّتْ قُلُوبُ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ
You have to ask yourself "If someone is talking to me about God alone, without Jesus, Mary, Muhammad, Sayyid Al-Badawī or anyone, am I going to get upset? Am I going to kill this person?"
"Or what am I gonna do?"
This will, this will show you, what, if you are an idol worshipper or not.
Do you conform to this criterion or not?
This is half the criterion.
The second half says,
(39:45) وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱلَّذِينَ مِن دُونِهِۦٓ إِذَا هُمْ يَسْتَبْشِرُونَ
When someone else is mentioned with Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala, they become happy.
They become content.
This is one criterion.
The worship must be devoted to Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala alone, without the necessity of adding
anything else to Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
So, I have to put myself on trial and apply this criterion.
There's another criterion that conforms with this.
In Sura Ghãfer, verses 10 through 12 says,
إِنَّ ٱلَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا۟ يُنَادَوْنَ لَمَقْتُ ٱللَّهِ أَكْبَرُ مِن مَّقْتِكُمْ أَنفُسَكُمْ إِذْ (40:10) تُدْعَوْنَ إِلَى ٱلْإِيمَـٰنِ فَتَكْفُرُونَ
Those who disbelieve are called, on the Day of Judgement,
your abhorrence of your own selves...
Excuse me.
[40:10] ... "The abhorrence of GOD towards you is a lot worse than your abhorrence of your own selves. Because you were invited to
"IMAN, faith, but you refused."
(40:11) قَالُوا۟ They said
رَبَّنَآ أَمَتَّنَا ٱثْنَتَيْنِ وَأَحْيَيْتَنَا ٱثْنَتَيْنِ فَٱعْتَرَفْنَا بِذُنُوبِنَا فَهَلْ إِلَىٰ (40:11) خُرُوجٍۢ مِّن سَبِيلٍۢ
They say "Our Lord, you gave us two deaths and two lives. Is there any way out?"
And now we confess our sins.
"Is there any way out?"
Is there any way out of Hell?
And listen to the answer, please.
Listen to the answer.
Because this is what I would ask myself to find out if I am one of those or not.
The answer is,
(40:12) ذَٰلِكُم بِأَنَّهُۥٓ إِذَا دُعِىَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُۥ كَفَرْتُمْ
That is because when God alone is advocated, you disbelieved.
(40:12) وَإِن يُشْرَكْ بِهِۦ تُؤْمِنُوا۟
And when you add some other names to Him, you believe.
(40:12) فَٱلْحُكْمُ لِلَّهِ ٱلْعَلِىِّ ٱلْكَبِيرِ
So, this is the other, this is the number one criterion.
"That when God alone is mentioned, I become upset."
This would tell me right away that I am an idol worshipper.
The second criterion.
This...
The second criterion is found ironically in the (unintelligible) other verse, verse 45. Now, I will stop...
(39:45) وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ
When God alone is mentioned, the person is upset.
This is in verse 45 of Sura 39.
And verse 45 of Sura 17 is the second criterion.
It says,
(17:45) وَإِذَا قَرَأْتَ ٱلْقُرْءَانَ
When you read the Quran,
(17:45) جَعَلْنَا بَيْنَكَ وَبَيْنَ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ
The same word.
We put between you and those who do not believe in the Hereafter,
(17:45) حِجَابًۭا مَّسْتُورًۭا
An invisible wall.
When you read the Quran, we put between you and those who do not believe in the Hereafter, an invisible wall.
(17:46) وَجَعَلْنَا عَلَىٰ قُلُوبِهِمْ أَكِنَّةً أَن يَفْقَهُوهُ
And we put in their, on their hearts, on their minds, shields to prevent them from understanding the Quran.
They cannot get one word of Quran.
Because Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala set out to put a veil on their minds to prevent them, actively prevent them from seeing the Quran.
They can be professors of Arabic linguistics in the College of Shari'a, or the College of Arabic Language at the Azhar university, and they cannot get a single word
from the Quran because of what is in their hearts.
Because they, in their hearts, deny what their mouth says that they are believers.
(17:45) إِذَا قَرَأْتَ ٱلْقُرْءَانَ When you read the Quran,
(17:45) جَعَلْنَا بَيْنَكَ وَبَيْنَ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ We place between you and those who do not believe
(17:45) حِجَابًۭا مَّسْتُورًۭا An invisible wall.
(17:46) وَجَعَلْنَا عَلَىٰ قُلُوبِهِمْ أَكِنَّةً أَن يَفْقَهُوهُ
And we place shields on their hearts or minds to prevent them from understanding
(17:46) وَفِىٓ ءَاذَانِهِمْ وَقْرًۭا
And deafness in their ears.
It doesn't matter what you say, they cannot hear what you say.
And here, here's a very important part of it (unintelligible)
(17:46) وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
Dr. Khalifa: When you preach your Lord using the Quran alone,...
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The problem with this is that you are, you are cursing God and cursing the believers.
I'm reading the Quran as you see.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm only reading the Quran.
A man: (unintelligible)
(17:46) وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ
I'm trying to find out if I am an idol worshipper or not.
And here is the criterion.
(17:46) إِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
And when you preach your Lord using the Quran alone,
(17:46) ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
They turn away in aversion.
Some people believe that the word Wadahu (وَحْدَهُ) refers to Rabbaka (رَبَّكَ)
(17:46) وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
If you preach your Lord alone, in the Quran alone, without anything else besides the Quran, they turn away in aversion. They don't like it.
This is my story.
If I, I don't like somebody preaching God to me using the Quran alone,
this would tell me that I'm an idol worshipper and that I don't know that I am an idol worshipper.
I am unaware of being an idol worshipper.
This is what Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala teaches us in Quran.
Now, some people try to tell me that I don't know the grammar of the Quran because
وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ
which is mansūb (منصوب)
Wahdahu (وَحْدَهُ) which is mansūb (منصوب)
This means Wahdahu (وَحْدَهُ) refers to the Zakar (ذَكَرْ).
But we see in Sura number 60, we see in Sura 60, verse 3 and 4,
that the prophet Ibrahim was telling his people,
Dr. Khalifa: لقدْ لَكُمْ إِبْرَٰهِيمَ
ٱدْعُ بالحق
Dr. Khalifa: و
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: لقدْ لَكُمْ
Dr. Khalifa: وَٱلَّذِينَ مَعَهُۥٓ
A man: كَانَتْ
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I'm not, I'm not quoting the Quran. I'm just, I'm just stating that the prophet Ibrahim and the people with him
told the people that we will be your enemies
وَبَدَا بَيْنَنَا وَبَيْنَكُمُ ٱلْعَدَٰوَةُ وَٱلْبَغْضَآءُ أَبَدًا حَتَّىٰ تُؤْمِنُوا۟ بِٱللَّهِ (60:4) وَحْدَهُۥٓ
This is the expression I was looking for.
حَتَّىٰ تُؤْمِنُوا۟ بِٱللَّهِ
There's a Kasra (هِ). Wahdahu (وَحْدَهُۥٓ), (unintelligible)
A mansūb (منصوب), it's the same, the reference of Wahdahu (وَحْدَهُۥٓ) is for the Quran in verse 45 of Sura 17.
(17:46) وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
So, this is the second criterion.
The believers, the believers are described in Quran as loving Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala most of all.
That they are described as,
(2:165) أَشَدُّ حُبًّۭا لِّلَّهِ
Their greatest love is for Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
And this is to put myself on trial and find out if I am an idol worshipper or not, that I may be an idol worshipper who is unaware,
I have to check my heart and see how I respond to Allah and somebody else.
And unfortunately in many Muslim gatherings, you say the word "Allah", and then silence, but then you say the word Muhammad,
Dr. Khalifa: and you hear, and you hear that.
A man: We say Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
Dr. Khalifa: Na'am (Yes). Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala. So,...
A man: (unintelligible)
Therefore, I have to put myself in that trial and see how do I respond "Do I love Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala more? Or do I love some other entity more?"
This is the third criterion.
We are told in Quran that the prophet himself declares on the Day of Judgement that the Muslims have abandoned the Quran.
In Sura the Furqãn, on the Day of Judgement, verse 30 and 31 says,
(25:30) وَقَالَ ٱلرَّسُولُ يَـٰرَبِّ إِنَّ قَوْمِى ٱتَّخَذُوا۟ هَـٰذَا ٱلْقُرْءَانَ مَهْجُورًۭا
A man: و قال الذی (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: و قال الذی و قال رسول
Dr. Khalifa: (25:30) وَقَالَ ٱلرَّسُولُ يَـٰرَبِّ إِنَّ قَوْمِى ٱتَّخَذُوا۟ هَـٰذَا ٱلْقُرْءَانَ مَهْجُورًۭا A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man: Can we continue in English, please?
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
A man: Ok. Well.
Audience: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (25:25) وَيَوْمَ تَشَقَّقُ ٱلسَّمَآءُ بِٱلْغَمَـٰمِ وَنُزِّلَ ٱلْمَلَـٰٓئِكَةُ تَنزِيلًا
This is obviously the Day of Judgement,
When the, when the sky breaks apart and the angels are sent down,
(25:26) ٱلْمُلْكُ يَوْمَئِذٍ ٱلْحَقُّ لِلرَّحْمَـٰنِ
Of all Kingship, on that Day, truthfully belongs to Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
(25:26) وَكَانَ يَوْمًا عَلَى ٱلْكَـٰفِرِينَ عَسِيرًۭا
So, it is a difficult day for the disbelievers.
Dr. Khalifa: (25:27) وَيَوْمَ يَعَضُّ ٱلظَّالِمُ عَلَىٰ يَدَيْهِ
Audience: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (25:27) وَيَوْمَ يَعَضُّ ٱلظَّالِمُ عَلَىٰ يَدَيْهِ
The wicked bite their hands with sorrow and remorse.
(25:27) يَقُولُ يَـٰلَيْتَنِى ٱتَّخَذْتُ مَعَ ٱلرَّسُولِ سَبِيلًۭا
They say "I wish...", They will say "I wish I followed the messenger."
There is absolutely no way to go to Heaven unless you follow the messenger.
(72:23) وَمَن يَعْصِ ٱللَّهَ وَرَسُولَهُۥ فَإِنَّ لَهُۥ نَارَ جَهَنَّمَ خَـٰلِدِينَ فِيهَآ أَبَدًا
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: Messenger or message?
Dr. Khalifa: The messenger. A man: Alhamdu Lillah
Audience: (unintelligible) Allahu Akbar
Dr. Khalifa: We're absolute (unintelligible)
A man: Rasool (رسول).
Dr. Khalifa: Anyone who disobeys God and His messenger, the prophet Muhammad, cannot go to Heaven.
Dr. Khalifa: The Jinns. Sura Al-Jinn.
A man: Give me a minute please.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm waiting.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The wicked person who's headed for Hell will say,
(25:28) يَـٰوَيْلَتَىٰ لَيْتَنِى لَمْ أَتَّخِذْ فُلَانًا خَلِيلًۭا
"I wish I didn't befriend a certain person..."
(25:29) لَّقَدْ أَضَلَّنِى عَنِ ٱلذِّكْرِ
[25:29] "He has led me away from the message after ... "
which is obviously the Quran.
(15:9) إِنَّا نَحْنُ نَزَّلْنَا ٱلذِّكْرَ
(unintelligible) Zikr (ذِّكْرَ)
(25:29) لَّقَدْ أَضَلَّنِى عَنِ ٱلذِّكْرِ
He has taken me away from the Quran.
(25:29) بَعْدَ إِذْ جَآءَنِى
After I (unintelligible) it.
(25:29) وَكَانَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنُ لِلْإِنسَـٰنِ خَذُولًۭا
As I said at the beginning of the lecture, it is because of Satan, because of the (unintelligible).
(25:30) وَقَالَ ٱلرَّسُولُ
And this is on the Day of Judgement.
(25:30) يَـٰرَبِّ إِنَّ قَوْمِى ٱتَّخَذُوا۟ هَـٰذَا ٱلْقُرْءَانَ مَهْجُورًۭا
Obviously, there was no Quran before the prophet.
Obviously, the Quran was rejected by people who received the Quran.
People who followed the messenger received the Quran and rejected it.
(25:31) وَكَذَٰلِكَ جَعَلْنَا لِكُلِّ نَبِىٍّ عَدُوًّۭا مِّنَ ٱلْمُجْرِمِينَ
We thus set enemies against the prophets from among the criminals.
And this exactly is the verse that is found in the third criterion to find out if I am an idol worshipper or not.
We find that in Sura Al-An 'ãm, number 6, verses 112-116, it says exactly the same words.
(6:112) وَكَذَٰلِكَ جَعَلْنَا لِكُلِّ نَبِىٍّ
We set up against every prophet, and this includes the final prophet,
عَدُوًّۭا enemies
شَيَـٰطِينَ ٱلْإِنسِ وَٱلْجِنِّ
humans and jinns devils
يُوحِى بَعْضُهُمْ إِلَىٰ بَعْضٍۢ زُخْرُفَ ٱلْقَوْلِ غُرُورًۭا
who teach each other some fancy words to mislead.
And they are taking those words to the prophet.
وَلَوْ شَآءَ رَبُّكَ مَا فَعَلُوهُ
Had your Lord willed, they will not have done that
Why did God will that these enemies of the prophet fabricate lies? Why did He will that?
(6:113) وَلِتَصْغَىٰٓ إِلَيْهِ أَفْـِٔدَةُ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ
In the criterion. See? The same words.
لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ
In order for the minds of those who do not really believe to listen to those fabrications,
وَلِيَرْضَوْهُ
and to be happy with them, to accept these fabrications,
وَلِيَقْتَرِفُوا۟ مَا هُم مُّقْتَرِفُونَ
and to really commit what they are supposed to commit. Because there are people who say
"We are Muslims. We believe. I believe in God. I believe in the Hereafter. I believe in the final prophet. I believe in all the messengers."
But in their mouths, they're denying what their mouths say.
But they are not even aware. They don't know.
So, these fabrications, Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala wills that they exist in the world, in order to tell us whether I am a real believer or a false believer.
وَلِتَصْغَىٰٓ إِلَيْهِ أَفْـِٔدَةُ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ وَلِيَرْضَوْهُ (6:113) وَلِيَقْتَرِفُوا۟ مَا هُم مُّقْتَرِفُونَ
So, how do we know that this has to do with utterances different than the Quran?
The next verse tells us that, the next Aya says,
(6:114) أَفَغَيْرَ ٱللَّهِ أَبْتَغِى حَكَمًۭا
Do I seek other than Allah as a source of wisdom or as a judge?
(6:114) أَفَغَيْرَ ٱللَّهِ أَبْتَغِى حَكَمًۭا وَهُوَ ٱلَّذِىٓ أَنزَلَ إِلَيْكُمُ ٱلْكِتَـٰبَ مُفَصَّلًۭا
When He sends down to you this book, fully detailed.
مُفَصَّلًۭا
Where do, why do you go to another source? This is what the verse is saying.
And this is the criterion that tells me whether I am an idol worshipper or not.
The second criterion told us
(17:46) ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ
This criterion says
(6:114) أَفَغَيْرَ ٱللَّهِ أَبْتَغِى حَكَمًۭا
Shall I seek other than Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala as a source of wisdom?
Who sends down to us this book, fully detailed,
مُفَصَّلًۭا
There is no other translation for the word مُفَصَّلًۭا
And the verse goes on to say that even Christians and Jews recognize that this book is from Allah, Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
وَٱلَّذِينَ ءَاتَيْنَـٰهُمُ ٱلْكِتَـٰبَ يَعْلَمُونَ أَنَّهُۥ مُنَزَّلٌۭ مِّن رَّبِّكَ بِٱلْحَقِّ ۖ فَلَا (6:114) تَكُونَنَّ مِنَ ٱلْمُمْتَرِينَ
The verse before that, by the way, ends by saying,
(6:112) فَذَرْهُمْ وَمَا يَفْتَرُونَ
That the commandment to you and to me is to abandon these fabrications
that are, are done by the enemies of the prophet and they are fancy.
(6:112) زُخْرُفَ ٱلْقَوْلِ
Dr. Khalifa: And they are called in the Quran as fabrications.
A man: (unintelligible)
The next verse, the next verse confirms the verse that says that the Quran is Mufassal (مُفَصَّل).
(6:115) وَتَمَّتْ كَلِمَتُ رَبِّكَ صِدْقًۭا وَعَدْلًۭا
[6:115] The word of your Lord is complete,* in truth and justice. ...
So, it makes sense that if I believe God when He says that the book is detailed, if I believe God when He says that the book is complete...
There's one more verse that I would like to mention that if you go to any other source besides the Quran, you are setting up another god besides Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
This is what the Quran says. This is what Allah says. It says,
(6:19) قُلْ أَىُّ شَىْءٍ أَكْبَرُ شَهَـٰدَةًۭ
Whose testimony is best?
قُلِ ٱللَّهُ
Say "God's" testimony is the best.
Let me read the verse so I don't make any mistake.
Verse, verse 19, Sura 6.
In the verse it says,
(6:19) وَأُوحِىَ إِلَىَّ هَـٰذَا ٱلْقُرْءَانُ لِأُنذِرَكُم بِهِۦ وَمَنۢ بَلَغَ
This is what I want to say.
That this Quran, by name, was given to me to preach to you and to whomever it reaches.
(6:19) أَئِنَّكُمْ لَتَشْهَدُونَ أَنَّ مَعَ ٱللَّهِ ءَالِهَةً أُخْرَىٰ
Dr. Khalifa: You set up other gods besides God.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is what I was looking for.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (6:19) قُلْ أَىُّ شَىْءٍ أَكْبَرُ شَهَـٰدَةًۭ
Whose testimony is best?
قُلِ ٱللَّهُ Say "Allah"
God's testimony is the best.
شَهِيدٌۢ بَيْنِى وَبَيْنَكُمْ
He's the witness between me and you.
وَأُوحِىَ إِلَىَّ هَـٰذَا ٱلْقُرْءَانُ
And I was given this Quran.
لِأُنذِرَكُم بِهِۦ
to preach to you with it
وَمَنۢ بَلَغَ
and whomever it reaches.
أَئِنَّكُمْ لَتَشْهَدُونَ أَنَّ مَعَ ٱللَّهِ ءَالِهَةً أُخْرَىٰ
What is the connection with the Quran to this?
The prophet is told to say "I was given the Quran to preach to you and all the generations after that until the end of the world."
What's the connection between
(6:19) أَئِنَّكُمْ لَتَشْهَدُونَ أَنَّ مَعَ ٱللَّهِ ءَالِهَةً أُخْرَىٰ
If you set up anything besides this Quran that was given to the prophet to preach to all generations in the world,
you are setting up another god besides God.
Who's the answer to say "I do not testify as you do."
قُلْ إِنَّمَا هُوَ إِلَـٰهٌۭ وَٰحِدٌۭ
Say "it is only one god."
He's only one god.
وَإِنَّنِى بَرِىٓءٌۭ مِّمَّا تُشْرِكُونَ
And I disown anything you say.
Why is there prophet's oath in the Quran?
The strongest swearing in the Quran.
You know, there are many difference of swearing and oath in the Quran.
There's (unintelligible Arabic)
(unintelligible Arabic)
There are many, there are many kinds of swearing in the Quran, but the absolute, the most powerful,
the strongest swearing in the Quran, you find in Sura Al-Haaqqah, Sura 69. There is
(69:38) فَلَآ أُقْسِمُ بِمَا تُبْصِرُونَ
[69:38] I swear by what you see.
(69:39) وَمَا لَا تُبْصِرُونَ
[69:39] And what you do not see.
Now, there's nothing stronger than that.
God, Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala is swearing by what you see, everything you see, and everything you do not see.
Which means what? I swear by everything.
This is absolutely the most powerful oath in Quran.
(69:38) فَلَآ أُقْسِمُ بِمَا تُبْصِرُونَ (69:39) وَمَا لَا تُبْصِرُونَ
(69:40) إِنَّهُۥ لَقَوْلُ رَسُولٍۢ كَرِيمٍۢ
[69:40] This (Quran) is the utterance of an honorable messenger.
(69:41) وَمَا هُوَ بِقَوْلِ شَاعِرٍۢ
[69:41] It is not the utterance of a poet; ...
(69:41) قَلِيلًۭا مَّا تُؤْمِنُونَ
[69:41] ... rarely do you believe.
(69:42) وَلَا بِقَوْلِ كَاهِنٍۢ
[69:42] It is not the utterance of a soothsayer; ...
(69:42) قَلِيلًۭا مَّا تَذَكَّرُونَ
[69:42] ... rarely do you take heed.
(69:43) تَنزِيلٌۭ مِّن رَّبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
[69:43] A revelation from the Lord of the world.
(69:43) تَنزِيلٌۭ مِّن رَّبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
(69:44) وَلَوْ تَقَوَّلَ عَلَيْنَا بَعْضَ ٱلْأَقَاوِيلِ
Dr. Khalifa: And if he uttered anything else, he adds any more, Let me read the...
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Na'am (Yes).
Dr. Khalifa: لَأَخَذْنَا مِنْهُ بِٱلْوَتِينَ
A man: (69:45) لَأَخَذْنَا مِنْهُ بِٱلْيَمِينِ
Dr. Khalifa: (69:45) لَأَخَذْنَا مِنْهُ بِٱلْيَمِينِ (69:46) ثُمَّ لَقَطَعْنَا مِنْهُ ٱلْوَتِينَ
He would have been fired as a prophet.
He would have punished him severely.
(69:46) ثُمَّ لَقَطَعْنَا مِنْهُ ٱلْوَتِينَ (69:47) فَمَا مِنكُم مِّنْ أَحَدٍ عَنْهُ حَـٰجِزِينَ
None of you can protect him from Me.
This is the word came out of the final prophet's mouth.
And he said,
[69:38] I swear by what you see. [69:39] And what you do not see.
[69:40] This is the utterance of an honorable messenger.
Obviously, the Quran is
(69:43) تَنزِيلٌۭ مِّن رَّبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
[69:40] This is the utterance of an honorable messenger.
[69:41] It is not the utterance of a poet; rarely do you believe it.
[69:42] Nor the utterance of a soothsayer; rarely do you take heed.
This is, this is Allah's announcement that the majority of human beings will not take heed.
(69:43) تَنزِيلٌۭ مِّن رَّبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
[69:43] A revelation from the Lord of the universe.
And if he got the honorable message, If the honorable messenger uttered any other word, he would be fired as a prophet.
And will, none of you can protect him from Me.
This is what Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala says.
A man: (unintelligible)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): هذا قول الله سبحانه و تعالی (This is what God Almighty says)
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (39:45) وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ ٱشْمَأَزَّتْ قُلُوبُ ٱلَّذِينَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ بِٱلْـَٔاخِرَةِ (39:45) وَإِذَا ذُكِرَ ٱلَّذِينَ مِن دُونِهِۦٓ إِذَا هُمْ يَسْتَبْشِرُونَ
Dr. Khalifa: صدق الله العلیم (God has spoken the truth)
A man (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Ray Caton: It was a practice (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: My only reference is the Quran, of course.
And we find in Quran that all religious practices of Islam, specifically Salat, Zakat, Fasting, and Hajj, all of them came through Ibrahim.
We find Salat and Zakat coming through Ibrahim in, for example, in many verses, but for example, verse 73 of Sura 21.
We find the Hajj, the order or commandment to perform Hajj came through Ibrahim.
(22:27) وَأَذِّن فِى ٱلنَّاسِ بِٱلْحَجِّ يَأْتُوكَ رِجَالًۭا
This was directed to Ibrahim. And we find it in Sura 22.
And the Fasting, if you read the verses of Fasting, you see that the Muslims, before Muhammad,
used to cheat themselves and have intercourse with their wives during the night.
The initial decree for Fasting prohibited sexual intercourse throughout the month of Ramadan, day and night, When it came through Ibrahim.
When the Quran came, this was modified, and allowing intercourse during the night of Ramadan.
So, the verse is very clear saying that you used to cheat your souls by having intercourse with your wives during the night, but now,
as of now, you may have intercourse with your wives.
So, it's very clear that all religious practices in Islam came to us through Ibrahim.
And we must remember that Ibrahim is called the father of Islam.
(22:78) مِّلَّةَ أَبِيكُمْ إِبْرَٰهِيمَ ۚ هُوَ سَمَّىٰكُمُ ٱلْمُسْلِمِينَ مِن قَبْلُ
This is verse 78 of Sura 22.
So, what did Ibrahim contribute being the father of Islam?
We find out by studying Quran carefully that he contributed all religious practices of Islam.
The prophet Muhammad contributed the Quran.
The Quran came through Muhammad's mouth, and that was his contribution.
And this is also why at the beginning of Sura Al-Baqarah, number 2, we find that we must believe in what was revealed before the Quran.
Because among the things revealed before Quran was the practical scripture given to Ibrahim.
There was no reading or writing in Ibrahim's time.
Dr. Khalifa: And he was given a practical, mostly practical, scripture consisting of the duties that we practice now in Islam.
Ray Caton: Question number 7.
Ray Caton: There are two verses in Quran, Sura 60, 7, 8 and 9.
Sura 5, 85 and 82.
Ray Caton: Basically, these refer to the believer not trusting the Jews ...
Dr. Khalifa: Not befriending the Christians and Jews and so forth.
Ray Caton: Yes. The question that was asked is
"whether or not a person who is a believing Muslim should live in a country that is suppressing Islam,
"and supporting that country by paying taxes, creating business, employment, one thing or another.
Ray Caton: "Should he stay there, live, or should he move to another better environment, a more Islamic environment?"
Dr. Khalifa: Well, if the person is oppressed and cannot practice his religion, he cannot Pray, he cannot Fast, he cannot give to charity, and cannot go to hajj, he should move on to another place.
But this is about the only condition.
To say "you shall not befriend Christians and Jews, and that the Quran says so" would be like saying "you shall not Pray, because the Quran says you shall not pray."
However, if you complete the sentence, it will say "you shall not Pray while drunk."
And the same with that statement "you shall not befriend the Jews and Christians",
it should be, the sentence or the statement should be completed as follows "you shall not befriend the Jews and Christians who oppress you and persecute you because of your religion."
Towards the end of Sura number 60, which you mentioned,
specifically the Quran says that God does not forbid you from befriending those who do not fight you and do not evict you from your homes.
So, we must take the total picture in mind, and we must never tell half-truths or half-statements of Quran. It's very dangerous.
So, we are not, God does not forbid us from befriending the Jews, Christians, or anyone else who do not fight us.
Dr. Khalifa: What other parts of the question, I have something else to say, I know that.
Ray Caton: It's whether or not a person should stay... Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: About staying in a country, for example, some people say that this country is not Islamic or oppressive,
talking about the United States, but in my mind, the United States is about the most Islamic country in the world,
because a person is free to worship God in any way they want,
to the extent that if you, if you are in Egypt, or Saudi Arabia, or one of those countries, and you
really speak up for the true Islam, which is upholding Quran, the whole Quran, nothing but Quran, your life is actually endangered.
So, it seems to me that the United States is a lot more Islamic than Saudi Arabia, by using that measure.
Dr. Khalifa: So, people who think that this country is oppressing or, or hampering their Islam in any way, they should think twice.
Ray Caton: Question number eight, what is the importance of three times washing as opposed to wash till clean?
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, it's not important, there is no specific number.
The Quran says "O you who believe, when you get up to Pray, wash your faces, your hands to the elbows, wipe your hair, and wash your feet, that's it, there is no specific number of washings.
Dr. Khalifa: One will do 2, may do, whichever you feel is necessary.
Ray Caton: Question number nine "does it do any good to pray for the dead?"
Dr. Khalifa: No, it all depends on the person's deeds, the dead person, whatever he or she did during this life is what counts.
If the whole world bands together to pray for Abu Lahab, it will not help him one bit.
Dr. Khalifa: And if a person is righteous, his righteousness will benefit him.
Ray Caton: Number eleven, the word Riba (Usury), meaning interest, does this mean excessive interest or just interest?
Dr. Khalifa: Any interest that is fixed and guaranteed is considered usury, Riba,
but if it fluctuates as a result of investing, then this is what is Halal, what is alright.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the key thing here is fixed and guaranteed, this makes it Riba even if it's 1%, 10% whatever.
Ray Caton: So, while we are on the subject of money, could you expand a little bit on mortgage and insurance?
Dr. Khalifa: So, the Quran, the Quran is consistent in saying that it is the taking of Riba that is Haram,
when you take interest, it is Haram, but if you are forced by circumstances to pay interest to anybody,
you are considered a victim, the Quran considers you a victim, you're not committing a sin.
There's the overall rule that says "if you are forced by circumstances without being deliberate or malicious, then you are not committing a sin."
So, if you are forced to pay interest, that is not Haram.
What is Haram, consistently in Quran, is the taking of Riba, not the paying of Riba.
Insurance is considered Haram because of many reasons, first of all, it is a game of chance, gambling.
Second, it indicates lack of knowledge about God, because if you know,
then you'll know that if you, if you are with God, nothing bad will happen to you, God will take care of you.
(39:36) أَلَيْسَ ٱللَّهُ بِكَافٍ عَبْدَهُۥ
[39:36] Is GOD not sufficient for His servant? ...
And also, insurance indicates lack of confidence in God.
So, there is more to it than just a game of chance.
However, if you are forced, again, if you are forced by circumstance without being deliberate or malicious,
Dr. Khalifa: and you cannot help it, you have to have insurance for some reason, or it is forced on you, then you are not committing a sin.
Ray Caton: Just to broaden the question a bit more on mortgage, in terms of loans,
if a person wants to gain more material wealth by expanding his business and goes into debt by borrowing money to expand his business,
Ray Caton: to the point where you might call it excessive, greedy, is this allowable?
Dr. Khalifa: If you write down a project that you want to build apartment complex or invest in something, and to do this you have to have a loan of some kind,
and then, you go to the bank or a friend or anybody, any source of money, and they tell you "you have to pay interest."
However, if you take the loan, you know that you will make this investment grow and will bring you a lot of income and a lot of money,
it is perfectly alright that you go ahead and get the loan and invest it and make your money grow and pay the interest,
because in Sura 16, we see that the Quran very clearly says that the rich believer is better than the weak and poor believer.
It is in Satan's best interest to keep you, keep you poor
and unable to further the cause of God in any way, or increase your knowledge in any way, or benefit from God's provisions.
So, it is perfectly alright if you write down a project that requires a lot of money to be invested, that will make you a lot of money, make you a millionaire, or whatever.
Dr. Khalifa: It is perfectly alright to get that loan and pay the interest on it, and invest and carry out your project.
Ray Caton: Next question.
Ray Caton: The, We're told in the Sunnah religion that ladies cannot attend mosque or touch Qurans while on their menstruation period.
Dr. Khalifa: No, this is Satan's favorite trick.
Satan realizes that the woman is three-quarters of the society, because the woman teaches the children, she is a mother,
and Satan tried very hard to keep the women oppressed and ignorant.
One good example is the Sunnah religion's way of keeping the women from going to the Jumu’ah prayer, the Friday prayer, for example.
Even though Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala in Quran says "O you who believe, when the Jumu'ah prayer is due, drop your business and go to the Jumu'ah prayer."
It says,
(62:9) يَـٰٓأَيُّهَا ٱلَّذِينَ ءَامَنُوٓا۟
[62:9] O you who believe, ...
It doesn't say "O you believing men, or O you men."
So, Satan, by injecting this Sunnah or Hadith or whatever it is, and succeeding in forbidding
the women from going to Jumu'ah, he kept them ignorant, and also their children
are kept ignorant, because you go to work from 8 to 5, and you leave the children, your children with their mother at home, and she teaches them.
So, we had a good example here in Tucson the other day, three Saudi young men came to buy a car,
and Kathleen told them to come to the Quranic study, and they said "Oh, we know the Quran" and very quite confident.
And then, she asked one of them "how many Suras are in Quran?" And he didn't know.
You know, such a basic knowledge of the even the outside appearance of Quran, let alone the inside.
Dr. Khalifa: And this is a perfect example, a result of that person's mother being ignorant, too ignorant to teach him about Quran, its characteristics and its contents.
Ray Caton: What is the importance of washing your feet five times a day?
In the Sunnah religion, we're, we're taught that if a person has made Wudu in the morning and put socks on, it is not necessary to wash your feet again, during the day that is.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, back to that verse in Sura number 5, verse number 6,
it says "O you who believe, when you get up for the prayer, wash your faces, your arms to the elbows, wipe your hair, and wash your feet."
And all we can say is "yes sir." If you are to obey God, and the words that came out of God's messenger,
you will say "yes sir", and do these four steps, and no more and no less.
Satan's objective is to make you disobey and deviate from God's orders in any way.
And Satan succeeded to a great extent with the Muslim masses, most of them have 9 steps of Wudu.
Even though Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala gives them 4 steps, they have 9 steps.
So, they better be prepared on the Day of Judgment to answer that question from Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala when He tells them
"I have given you 4 steps of Wudu, why did you do 9?"
You better be ready to answer that. Who is the other god that told them to do 9 steps in Wudu instead of 4?
Because Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala told them 4 steps. There is some other god, whoever it is, who told them to do 9 steps.
Dr. Khalifa: So, washing the feet is clearly stated in the Wudu, Sura number 5, verse 6.
Ray Caton: Can Muslims give their organs or blood as donations?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, definitely, because the body is not important at all. Once we leave the body,
the body is like a garment that we are wearing, and if it is going to help another human being, by all means go ahead and do it.
Just like if you take off your shirt, an old shirt, and you're gonna throw it away,
then you worry about if somebody is gonna take the sleeve or the collar or what.
Dr. Khalifa: That's it.
Ray Caton: And last question is freedom of choice.
Thank you.
God tells us that He can guide whom He wants and mislead whom He wants.
Ray Caton: Why are we created if we don't have, if God already knows what our destiny is?
Dr. Khalifa: This is a good question. This indicates that God did not create us to see who's gonna believe and who's not, who will not believe.
Because God knows, God happens to know exactly what every human being is going to do, believe or disbelieve.
The purpose of our creation here is to, goes back to the time when Satan wanted to be a god besides God.
And God decided to give Satan a dominion and constituents to prove Satan's incompetence as a god.
So, the human beings who set up a god besides God, they automatically become members of Satan's kingdom,
subject to his incompetence and subject to the disasters and problems that go along with that.
So, we have the absolute freedom of choice. This is one of the conditions
for providing Satan with constituents, that we are absolutely free to choose God as our god or Satan as our god.
People who set up other gods besides God are choosing, automatically choosing Satan as their god.
And we see, we see this in Sura number 36,
(36:60) أَلَمْ أَعْهَدْ إِلَيْكُمْ يَـٰبَنِىٓ ءَادَمَ أَن لَّا تَعْبُدُوا۟ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنَ
[36:60] Did I not covenant with you, O Children of Adam, that you shall not worship the Satan? ...
So, we are either worshipping God or worshipping Satan.
And we worship Satan when we support his point of view of having a god besides God, any other idol besides God, proves Satan's point of view.
Now, once we make our free choice decision to believe or disbelieve,
only God knows what our hearts have decided, what our innermost convictions are.
And based on our decision, God will either create circumstances to guide us,
if we decide to choose him as our god, or will create circumstances to augment our disbelief and our idolworship,
if we decide to idolize someone else besides God.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this should answer all the questions, I guess.
Ray Caton: Yes, thank you very much.
Dr. Khalifa: You're welcome. Alhamdu Lillah.