Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah.
We praise God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no god except the One God.
As you know, I have been working on the main, the new translation, now
down to the serious business of preparing the pages for the printer.
So, this seems to be the final developments.
And there is a lot of information that is developing right now.
There's a lot to be learned.
But I want to share with you, the developments as they are happening.
One of the main questions that people always asked, since the time of Moses, What about
all those people in the past? They had the wrong information.
Remember that question Pharaoh asked Moses?
What about all those people of the past generation?
And Moses said, their knowledge is with my Lord. My Lord is never wrong.
So, this question keeps coming up. What about all those millions of people in the past?
So, I wanna just do some statistics with you. If we divide the population of the world,
if we just draw a bar like this and divide it into 15 sections.
These are 15 sections.
From the time of Adam, from the beginning; the first man until now, we occupy this section here.
These are the people who lived on Earth, from the time of Adam until now. About 6 billion people.
And from now, from 1989... Happy New Year... to the end of the world, 2280, there will be this many people, 75 billion.
So, as you see, we're still at the beginning of humanity. And the vast majority of human beings will receive the message, the complete message, all put together.
So, God is not neglecting all those people in the past
because they represent a very small minority as you can see graphically. This is simple statistics.
The other thing that I wish to share with you is the...we talked about the three categories of creatures
how God's creatures became classified as a result of the Heavenly dispute.
The dispute in the High Society of SURA 38, verse 69.
Satan thought he can be a god, due to his ignorance and the fact that only God possesses the power.
And that, it is not egotistic on God's part or anything like that. God be glorified. It is simply a fact
that God alone can control every atom in the universes, while no other creature can do that.
And we have seen examples, how Satan cannot even see big things in this world. I have shared this with you before.
So, because of Satan's ignorance and arrogance, he thought that he can rule as a god somewhere.
and God gave him this tiny mote called the planet earth to rule. Now, going back to the classification of the creatures.
There's a category at the University of Arizona called non-classified student.
This is the student that goes in and he's neither or she's neither undergraduate or graduate, the non-classified student.
Classification happened as a result of this dispute.
Number one, the first group was the angels. And those are the intelligent creatures.
Those are the ones who knew or believed or decided with their own free will that God alone possesses all power
to control every atom in the universe. They never, never had a doubt or question. So, they became classified as angels.
The second group of people actually believed that Satan can be, can act as a god.
He possesses enough qualifications and power to be a god. Those are the Satan and his tribe, the jinns.
Those became jinns. This is why your jinn is always asking you, telling you that Muhammad also has some power, that Jesus has some power,
that Saint Jude has some power, that Ali has some power. This is your jinn's telling you that all the time because your jinn represents Satan,
Satan's point of view. The jinns made up their mind, that Satan can be a god.
The third category of people, you and me, didn't make up our minds. We were wishy-washy. And this is why God does not accept wishy-washies, now.
If you show any sign of idol worship and Satan claims you, God will give you to Satan.
If Satan points at you, points at you and says this person idolizes something for the slightest reason, God will tell him take him or her.
This is yours. So, this is why we have to run away as far as possible from any hint of idol worship.
Anyway, so the third category of people, of creatures, became humans. Those are the ones who didn't make up their mind.
They said yeah, maybe Satan can do it. In other words, they were not soled on God's absolute authority. They were not firm.
They didn't say only God possesses all power. And this is why we are here to help us make up our minds.
But basically, this is a horrendous crime, not to appreciate God's absolute authority. And this is why we are here.
OK. So, God decided to give us this chance to help us make up our minds and to help us to be redeemed.
The angels who are completely soled on God's absolute authority said send them all to Hell. Don't give them another chance.
But God, the Most Merciful, decided to give us that chance. We talked about this, but as you see, you and I are developing this
understanding together and there's a lot more to be learned, IN SHA ALLAH.
This verse here is 255 of SURA 2 says God releases His knowledge in accordance with His will.
So, this knowledge is coming to us in accordance with God's will bit by bit.
Now, this brings us to the question of send them to Hell. And it seems from studying SURA 19, verses 71 and 72, that this is Hell.
By definition, this is Hell. This is... let me qualify this... this is a temporary mild Hell.
The Hell that will start on the Day of Resurrection is a lot worse. And this is what I'm gonna discuss with you now.
If you read 19:71-72, it says every single one of you is going there will go to Hell. Then, we save the righteous.
In verse 72, God says then, we save the righteous and leave the transgressors there. So, this a half-way house, between Heaven and Hell.
You may call this a Purgatory if you wish in those...in that term.
Verses 19:71 and 72, they say every single one of you is going there. Now, what is the definition of Hell?
The definition of Hell is simply the absence of God. If God is not here, this is Hell. And God teaches us in the Quran, that He is not here
physically. Moses wanted to see God and God said you cannot see Me. Look at the mountain, if it stays in place you will see Me.
And then, God manifested Himself to the mountain. And the mountain crumbled. This Earth cannot stand the presence of God.
Therefore God, even though, He controls every single atom in the universes, He's not here physically. He doesn't need to be here to control every atom.
So, the absence of God means Hell. This is Hell.
In verse 21... In SURA 21, verse 101, we see that the righteous will be taken away from Hell.
So, all these problems and airplane crashes and the earthquakes and the headaches and the problems is because this is Hell.
And it is Hell because Satan is running it, in accordance with God's will.
However, this is a mild Hell because God didn't completely throw us into Hell.
Like I said it's a halfway house. For example, God provides. In the real Hell, God will not provide.
And we see this in verse, that I wrote down here, in SURA 7, verse 32.
God says the provisions are only for the righteous on the Day of Resurrection in the Hereafter, exclusively.
And you recall in SURA 2, verse 126, when Abraham said please God provide for those who believe in God and the Last Day.
And God said and also for the disbeliever. Because this is... God wants to give them a chance to redeem themselves.
So, God interferes. God is the only Provider in this world, not Satan. That's not Satan's job. Satan's only job here
is to take care his constituents other than provisions and to run his kingdom with those constituents.
But God does interfere to provide for the believer and the disbeliever. This is not so in the Hereafter.
In the real Hell or the Hell, the eternal Hell of the Hereafter, Satan will be in Hell and there will be no provisions for anybody in Hell.
So, these are some of the thoughts that I wanted to share with you.
So, let us repent and redeem ourselves. God redeems us on request. Tooboo Ela Allah.
Alhamdu Lillah. We praise God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no god except the One God.
You can see...
What was I saying before I get interrupted?
OK.
OK. In this KHUTBA, I would like to, to steal some of Abdullah's ideas. We're gonna give you the details in the next Friday. IN SHA ALLAH.
But I think, he discovered the ultimate miracle in the Quran. And I haven't looked at it yet. But this is what I understand from what they told me.
I was not available when he came. But I don't even need the board. When Abdullah... what he did, he took all the numbers in the Quran.
We have SURA number 1, 7 verses. SURA number 2, 286 verses.
Hmm?
The un-initialed ones. They're not the whole... OK. The un-initialed include the SURA 9.
So, SURA 1 and then, SURA 4, 5, 6 and then you skip the initialed SURAs.
What he did was, he put all the numbers you see in the un-... SURA 9 is an un-initialed SURA, as you know.
So, If you take SURA number 1 and you put verse number 1, verse number 2, verse number 3, 4 and so on, to verse 7.
And you do the same thing with all the SURAs in the Quran, put the numbers next to each other.
Of course, when you get to SURA 9, you go only to verse 127, not 129. This will give you a number that is, I think, about 3 miles long.
And it is a multiple of 19. If you add the false verses 128 and 129, it is not a multiple of 19.
As you know, this is the principle that's been laid down before. You know, the Morning prayer is 2 verses.
The Noon prayer is 4 verses, 4 RAK'ATs or 4 units. The Afternoon prayer is 4. The Sunset is 3. And the Night is 4. This number here is a multiple of 19.
So, this is putting the numbers next to each other. And this tells us that these are the correct prayers, correct numbers of RAK'ATs.
The Morning is 2 RAK'ATs, 2 units. And this is universal in the whole world. This is why the Sunset is 3
and not 4. If it was 4 or 5 or 2, you'll not have a multiple of 19. So, Abdullah will give you the details next, next week, but this is a preview of it.
And I wanna share with you, what the Bible says about the Messenger of the Covenant. Now, with this fact here
that from the time... the beginning of the world until now, this is the amount of population that we have.
And the majority of people are yet to come. It makes sense that someone should come to put the message together,
clear out all the falsehood, the junk, the innovations that were added to it and put the messages of all the prophets in one unit.
And here is what... it's amazing that the Bible should speak about the Messenger of the Covenant. And I happen, talking to some enlightened Christians
about this and got really some profound information. This is the last book of the Torah, the book of Malachi, in chapter 3.
The Messenger of Covenant in the Quran is in SURA 3, also.
But chapter 3 says Behold, I will send My Messenger, and he shall prepare the way before Me. And the Lord, whom you seek,
shall suddenly come to His temple, even the Messenger of the Covenant, whom you delight in. Behold, he shall come,
says the Lord of hosts.
But who may abide the day of his coming? And who shall stand when he appears? For he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap.
Then, the verses go on talking about cleaning, refining gold. So, the believers will come out like gold.
Remove all the dirt and the things. And also, he will burn. He will be burning the others and hurting them
even though he's very kind. I'm talking, I'm just reading the... summarizing the other verses for you.
And this make us think, you know. What is it that we do wrong and the people are so averse to it?
Why do they pick on Apamea and Naghmeh? And why do they go to this mosque and this kind of thing? What are they doing?
They're worshipping God Alone. They say worship God Alone. Worship the One who creates you. Do not idolize powerless humans.
But it shows you how the human being is basically bad. The human being is basically criminal.
And even though I say mild things or saying the right things, or saying La Elaha Ella Allah, it hurts them.
Because we purify. Let me read another version. You can look it up in any Bible, in Malachi, chapter 3. Malachi, the last book
in the Old Testament. And Malachi was one of the prophets of Israel, the last one. The subtitle is the Messenger of the Covenant in this
issue here and says Lo, I am sending My messenger to prepare the way before Me. And suddenly, there will come to the temple, the Lord
whom you seek and the Messenger of the Covenant whom you desire. Yes, he is coming says the Lord of hosts.
But who will endure the day of his coming? And who can stand, when he appears? For he is like the refiner's fire or like the fullers' lye.
He will sit refining and purifying. And he will purify the sons of Levi meaning the people refining them like gold or like silver
that they may offer due sacrifice to the Lord. And that goes on that this purification process and seems like our generation is doing this.
Purification process. Now, what do the Christians believe? Most Christians believe, that the Messenger of the Covenant
is John the Baptist because he came immediately after Jesus. And it doesn't make sense because they are coming from
the claim that Jesus is god or the lord. See, listen to what it says in the beginning of the chapter. Behold, I will send My Messenger.
This is the book of... this is in the Old Testament before Jesus was born. And they're thinking that this is Jesus speaking.
You can see the fallacy of it. They claim that Jesus is saying behold, I will send My messenger. And they're wrong.
The Messenger of the Covenant; God wills that he should be mentioned in the Bible and in the Quran.
Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah