Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
I have been talking to you about the overwhelming, the blessed explosion in the miracle
of the Quran in the last few weeks.
And Gatut was supposed to give the KHUTBA today, but because of the unusual circumstances,
this blessed explosion, I again asked him to let me give the KHUTBA, today.
So, you have to put up with me one more time.
But I wanna go back to the basics. As you know, the miracle of the QURAN is based, the foundation
is in the first verse Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem.
And these are exactly 19 letters.
Now, we came to know that the meaning of the number 19 is that God is One
because in the old time when the Quran was revealed, there were no numbers.
They used the alphabet as numbers.
And this for example served the letter 'WOW' and also as the number 6.
This was the letter 'ALIF' and the number 1 at the same time.
This was the letter 'HA' and the number 8.
These, every, every alphabet served double as a number and an alphabet.
The letter 'D' also served as 4.
So, when you add 4 and 8 is 12, 13, and 19.
The total is 19.
So, the reason the number 19 is the common denominator
is that it means that God is One.
This is the basic message of the Quran.
Do not worship except Allah.
So, sometimes I'm surprised at as how much some of us
here do not know these basic pieces of information.
So now, with this very quick review, the blessed explosion this time has to do with
the five pillars of Islam.
I'm gonna write... I'm gonna deal with the number 1 which is worshipping God alone.
Okay, what we just found...
I think you probably knew, most of you knew that the word
'WAHID' in the Quran is found 25 times,
but 6 of those have nothing to do with God.
They have to do with the children of Israel saying we cannot tolerate one kind of food.
(2:61) لَنْ نَصْبِرَ عَلَى طَعَامٍ وَاحِدٍ
And Joseph's brother telling his children do not enter from one door.
(12:67) لَا تَدْخُلُوا۟ مِنۢ بَابٍۢ وَٰحِدٍۢ and so on.
6 of them have nothing to do with Allah. 19 say, that God is One. 19 of them.
So, this keeps with the code but what is new now is that you take the numbers of the SURAs
and the numbers of verses where the word 'WAHID' occurs and the total; One, worship God alone.
The total is 1425 which is 19 x 75.
It's a multiple of 19.
Now, it is not enough to know that God is One
that ALLAH WAHID, you must worship God Alone.
And this is something new in the word WAHDAHU, God alone.
This word is mentioned in the Quran 6 times.
5 times, it has to do with Allah and 1 time with the Quran.
(17:46) وَإِذَا ذَكَرْتَ رَبَّكَ فِى ٱلْقُرْءَانِ وَحْدَهُۥ وَلَّوْا۟ عَلَىٰٓ أَدْبَـٰرِهِمْ نُفُورًۭا
has to do with the Quran.
If you preach the Quran alone, they don't like it.
But the 5 times, you take the verses and the SURAHs again and you add them up
and the total is 361. Watch this now.
361 for the word Alone.
Worship God alone.
This is 19 x 19.
This is assurance.
It turns out that these numbers have also a message in them.
Okay. So, this is the first pillar of Islam: Worshipping God Alone.
The other basic pillars, as you know, the famous, five basic pillars of Islam are what?
SALAT, ZAKAT, SIYAM, fasting and HAJJ.
Now it turns out, you can look at the index of the Quran and SALAT is mentioned 67 times.
ZAKAT is mentioned, I believe 6 times. No 32 times.
SIYAM is 6 times and HAJJ 9 times.
Where are they?
Yeah.
Let us add these together. These are the numbers of times these basic duties in Islam are mentioned.
7 and 2 is 9, 15, 24. 2 and 6 is 8 and 3 is 11. 114, the same number of SURAHs as the QURAN
or 19 X 6. Okay, this is not the big deal here right.
Well this is, this is profound.
But what is really profound is that you take the word SALAT, everywhere the word SALAT is found
in the Quran,
take the number of the SURA, and the numbers of the verses.
These are the numbers assigned to the AYAT and you add them up,
and the total for SALAT is 4674.
This is a multiple of 19.
And then you take SIYAM.
I'm gonna take SIYAM first.
And you do the same thing,
you take the numbers of the SURAs
and the numbers assigned to the verses and add them up
and the total is 1,387 a multiple of 19.
This is 19 x 73.
You take ZAKAT, the 32 of them.
Everywhere the word ZAKAT is found in the Quran, you take the number of the SURAH and the numbers assigned to the verses
and the total is 2395.
Now, the computer did all this.
Now, this here is NOT a multiple of 19. It is up by 1.
But then, you go to HAJJ and you find that the total, in the same manner is 645.
This is NOT a multiple of 19. It is down by 1.
So, but when you add all of them together, the total, of course, is a multiple of 19.
Now, watch the message that this gives us
that SALAT, every Muslim in the world did SALAT
sometimes during his or her life.
Every Muslim did.
It is the most important duty on every Muslim
SALAT. And the number is a multiple of 19.
Fasting of Ramadan,
every Muslim in the world before he or she dies, fasted sometimes during Ramadan
without exception.
Everyone must fast.
Every Muslim must fast,
rich or poor, they can do it.
Now, ZAKAT, is only for the Rich.
It is not... not every Muslim pays ZAKAT.
And this is reflected in the fact that this is not a multiple of 19,
and the same with HAJJ but together
They are divisible. They are multiples.
There's a message in the numbers also. You can see the extreme intricacies of the numbers and the message that come with them.
Not every Muslim in the world made HAJJ before he or she died,
not everyone but everyone made SALAT, everyone fasted and only the rich pay ZAKAT.
This (ZAKAT) is up 1 and this (HAJJ) is down 1.
So, these are the five basic big pillars of Islam,
that God is One. And I've mentioned it to you. And these four basic pillars.
Okay, there is more that I will have to talk to you in the second KHUTBA.
So, turn to Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala and repent.
Tooboo Ela Allah.
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
In the continuing research of Ihsan, she's been holding the index of the Quran; and adding
the numbers of the SURAs and the numbers of the verses and
she's coming up with this blessed explosion in the miracle and also putting us to work.
We are sorry that she's leaving tomorrow but we're also glad,
No, no.
We're really sorry that she's leaving tomorrow
Because she does put us to work through the telephone anyway.
Look at the SURA Qaf,
SURA number 50 initialed with Q.
It's in SURA 50.
You take... this is very simple. Anybody can do it at home without a computer.
You look at SURA Qaf and look at the AYAT where the letter Qaf happens.
You know, we have it in the blue book.
You can see SURA QAF and the verses.
You add them up, they're 798,
a multiple of 19.
19 means God is One.
Worship God alone.
And this is 19 x 42.
Well, it doesn't stop here.
You know what 42 is.
It's the only other SURA that is also initialed with Qaf.
SURA Al-Shoorã: HA MEEM 'AYN SEEN QAF.
So, there is that. This interlocking and intertwined relationship of the mathematical code is telling
us that this is the only book in the world, in history, that is mathematically composed,
that is superhuman, that when you read any statement in it, you know this is from your Creator.
You have 100% confidence, this is God speaking to you
and this is the importance of it.
It never happened before in history and will never happen again.
This is an original idea of Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
You will not find a book...
you go to the university, how many books do they have, the university libraries?
Millions, not one of them is mathematically composed.
But the Quran is.
I was writing yesterday. It's something that I wrote before but I
wanted to share, I wanna share it with you was... we're writing a book about Jesus,
the truth about Jesus
from the Quran, from the Bible, from the Gospels.
And an interesting fact, very quickly, is I was writing a chapter Jesus birth
and the Quran says that
(3:59) إِنَّ مَثَلَ عِيسَىٰ عِندَ ٱللَّهِ كَمَثَلِ ءَادَمَ
The creation of Jesus as far as God is concerned is equal to the creation of Adam.
Jesus equals Adam.
In other words, the creation of Jesus is like the creation of Adam.
(3:59) خَلَقَهُۥ مِن تُرَابٍۢ ثُمَّ قَالَ لَهُۥ كُن فَيَكُونُ
God said be and it is.
He said to Jesus be in Mary's womb and he was.
So, it just happens that in the Quran and this is, anybody can look at in the index,
that both Jesus and Adam are mentioned exactly the same number of time, 25.
25 (Adam) and 25 (Jesus).
I believe the name of Jesus is a multiple of 5, when you look at the numerical values of it,
but this will be another KHUTBA, IN SHAA ALLAH.
And then, I wanna pass on to you a valuable experience in all these works with the miracle
of the Quran and the book on Jesus that is geared to the average American here.
We experienced interferences from Satan that are very clear.
And we also found out how to chase him away.
And it turns out to be a commandment in the Quran in SURA 23
where it says in Arabic... and we tried it and it works and I want it to work for you.
I want you to do it as my brothers and sisters because it's really effective.
And it is a commandment in the Quran. It says,
(23:97) وَقُل رَّبِّ أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ هَمَزَٰتِ ٱلشَّيَـٰطِينِ
QUL means say.
It's a commandment.
My Lord, I seek refuge in You from Satan,
from the suggestions of the devils.
Excuse me,
this is the literal translation.
It will be wonderful if you can learn it in Arabic
and say it just like this because it is a numerical combination.
The statement is رَّبِّ أَعُوذُ بِكَ you know most of these words anyway.
رَّبِّ أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ هَمَزَٰتِ ٱلشَّيَـٰطِينِ
My Lord, I seek refuge in You from the suggestions of the devils.
(23:98) وَأَعُوذُ بِكَ رَبِّ أَن يَحْضُرُونِ
And I seek in You my Lord lest they come near me.
So, I would suggest to you that you study this in Arabic and say it. I'm
telling you a thousand times a day is not, is not enough
because the sneaky whisperer ٱلْوَسْوَاسِ ٱلْخَنَّاسِ will grab any chance and will come to you
and suggest things against Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala.
So, this is a very effective commandment and this is my suggestion. You can call it ZIKR
because you are making ZIKR of Allah.
رَّبِّ أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ هَمَزَٰتِ ٱلشَّيَـٰطِينِ وَأَعُوذُ بِكَ رَبِّ أَن يَحْضُرُونِ
And we'll have to rush through, so Aqem Al-Salat.