All united in this place of prayer, each individual soul joined in community of worship. One God.
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah. Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
This, IN SHAA ALLAH, will be the most important KHUTBA I've ever delivered so far.
So, please pay attention, a special attention this time.
I will try to repeat the important points and I want you to bear in mind that I'm
talking to you, you. Don't say he's talking to somebody else.
Recently, I have come to a very important conclusion about believing in God,
and this started in the Muslim Perspective issue of February 1987,
with the title Satan Believes in God.
It dawned on me that throughout the Quran we are taught
that the majority of believers in God are going to Hell.
In SURA 12, verse 103 says most people no matter what you do will not believe
and then in 106, we're told that the majority of those who believe will go to Hell.
This is in SURA 12 verse 106, and then we read
in SURA Al-Mu'minûn, number 23 verses 84 through 90.
I'm gonna quote starting at 84. Say, to whom belongs the Earth and
everyone in it if you know? They will say to God! Say would you then take need?
or how come you do not take heed?
Say, who is the Lord of the Heavens, the seven universes, the Lord with the great Dominion?
They will say God! Say how come you do
not observe righteousness or do not observe God?
Say, in whose hand is the Kingship of everything, over everything, the One that
can come to your help and does not need any help, if you know? They will say: God!
Say how come you, you have been bewitched, have been... have gone astray? So,
And in SURA 29 verse 61 says if you ask them who created the Heavens and the Earth
and committed the Sun and the Moon? They will say: God! and then the verse ends by
asking how come they deviated?
In SURA 29 verse 63, it says if you ask them who sends water
from the sky to revive dead land? They will say: God! Say praise be to God, how
come most of them do not understand? So, all these verses and many more
throughout Quran tell us that people believe in God. Satan believes in God, but
they're still going to Hell. Now why? And the very important conclusion is you
do not believe in God unless you know God as He really is with all His qualities,
namely, especially that God runs everything, that God is doing everything.
And this will shed a new light on our submission to God,
our acceptance of whatever is happening to you personally, or in the world,
to anybody, to anything, to any country.
We do not believe in God unless we believe that God is running everything.
And at this point, I would like to suggest a ZIKR for you, something for you to do.
Every day, wherever you go, when you're driving, or sitting, or you have
nothing to do, or even if you have something to do, I want this to dominate
your life even mentally, even when you're doing something, I want you to repeat
always God is running everything, God is running everything. This is your new ZIKR, our new ZIKR.
Because it will, it will... the whole world will look different to you. When anything is happening that may turn you into
an objector, not a submitter, this will remind you that God is doing everything and that you are objecting.
As a believer, you have no business losing your temper, for example.
You're not a believer if you lose your temper. And as I said that at the beginning
of the KHUTBA, I'm talking to you. Don't say he's talking to somebody else.
I'm talking to you, yes you, Abdullah, Gatut, Mohtasham, Ahmad, the other Ahmad,
Frank and so on. I am talking to you, every one of you. You have no business losing
your temper because this indicates you're objecting to something God is doing.
We must know that God is doing everything, even the things that Satan is
doing, they are following God's law.
A good example in the Quran is before the creation of Adam, God is telling the
angels I'm putting on earth a representative
which in a nutshell says that God of course knew that Adam was gonna be
duped by Satan, and will go down to Earth, because after when Satan tricked Adam,
God said go down to Earth all of you.
But this, before the creation of Adam, God is telling the angels I'm going to
place on the planet Earth a representative, the human being.
So, even though Satan tempted Adam and Eve, God is doing everything
because everything is going in accordance with God's will.
This is our new ZIKR when you're driving, when you're sitting, when you're
doing anything. Eventually, it's gonna happen mentally every cell in your body
is gonna say God is running everything.
And this is the true believer. This is the believer in God who will not go to Hell.
The majority of believers in God are
going to Hell because they do not believe that God is running everything.
In SURA 8 verse 17, a classic example it is not you who killed them - that was
after the battle, one of the battles in early Islam - it is not you who killed
them, it is God who killed them. It is not you who threw when you threw the arrow
or the gun or whatever it was God who threw.
And this is a very important conclusion and this is why I think this is the most
important KHITBA I ever given to you.
I made a trip recently to Egypt and everything that happened in
that trip told me that we don't do anything. We do not do anything. God is doing everything.
The timing of my arrival, the timing of
my leaving, I mean, I get on the telephone and say TWA, I'm changing my reservation
from Tuesday to Thursday. I decided to change my... I didn't decide anything.
I didn't change anything. Believe me, God is doing it. God is doing everything.
In SURA number 12, again, the brothers of Joseph decided not to kill him, right?
They think they decided not to kill him. They decided to throw him in the well.
But before this happens, way before this, years before they make this so-called decision of theirs,
Joseph sees the dream, the Sun, the Moon and eleven stars bowing before him
which is his father, his mother, and his 11 brother bowing before him,
something that was to happen after he's practically ruling Egypt as a man.
So, one day the brothers met to kill him. They...
The decision was already made. They could not decide to kill him. It was impossible.
But here they are meeting and they're taking votes shall we kill him?
What shall we do with him? And then they decided, they think, not to kill him.
God is running everything. And this is our new ZIKR. Just keep telling
yourself God is running everything especially when you are at the brink of
objecting to something or losing your temper.
When you lose your temper, tell yourself you must separate yourself from you
as of now. When you lose your temper against a friend or a spouse or a brother or
a sister or anybody in the street, you tell yourself you're not a Muslim.
You're objecting. Because God is running everything.
Believe me. When your friend or your wife or your husband behaves in a certain way that
gets in your nerves, God is doing it and it's because you deserve it.
So, you have to get on yourself, and correct your self,
and catch yourself objecting, not submitting to God. God runs everything.
I wanna give you an example so you understand how God is running everything
and how we have the freedom of choice.
Suppose I had a temporary ability of traveling in the future, let's say for one week.
I travel in the future and I see what happened to you, what decision you made.
Okay. So, I traveled all the way to the next Friday and I saw exactly where you went,
what kind of decision you made. Now back to this Friday, I'm giving you a choice
to go to New York or to California. I wanna give you a
choice to go to either New York or California. So, I'm giving you a choice.
You're going to freely choose California or New York for your trip,
but I already know, see, because I travelled in time this one week and I know that you
decided to go to California. So, even though I'm giving you the freedom of choice,
I know exactly what you're going to do and where you're going.
But it is much more than this. I don't think we can really understand it.
God runs everything and this is the condition. This is a quality of God and if you
don't know this quality, you don't know God and you don't believe in God.
And this is what the Quran means by all these verses.
When Satan inflicts disasters, diseases, cancer on people,
Satan is doing this in accordance with God's law, and we see this in the Quran.
I remind you of the example of the disciples of Jesus, when they
demanded a feast from the sky, and God said okay. I'm gonna send it down but if any
of you disbelieves, I will punish him severely more than anybody that I ever punished.
Now, you know that the punisher would really be Satan,
but God - this is God's law. When they disbelieve, they step out of God's Kingdom, then Satan will inflict
the damage, but God is doing everything. So, even the actions of Satan
are under God's control. God is running everything. God will not be a god if He
wasn't running everything.
So, this is a quality of God that you must recognize and we're going to
commemorate. This is in our own language, in English, and you drive your car and
you say God is running everything, and you look at everything and you say God
is running everything, because this is the condition of belief in God.
The Quran says very clearly when something good happens to you, it is from God,
when something bad happens to you, it is from you, but God is running everything.
God created the fire. You can use it to
cook a steak from a raw steak to a delicious cooked steak, unless you like it raw.
But you can also put your finger in that fire and burn your finger.
So, God created the fire to be in your service, but if you choose to put your
finger in it and suffer, then this is from you, not from God.
But it is God's law that made the fire as burning. If you put your finger in it, it burns. It's God's law.
It's one of the physical laws. There are many invisible laws
like if you disobey God, if you go drink, for example, it's exactly
like putting your finger in the fire but the punishment is not as visible.
You can be sure you'll pay. It's just like that, like the fire putting your finger in it.
Alcohol and drinking it, drugs and taking them, adultery and committing it,
all these things, they're laws that God's laws govern them and the punishment,
the physical - the fire, putting your finger in it, the punishment for the sins are exactly in the same way,
but they're not as visible. They're just as painful if not worse.
And this explains all the problems we see in the world,
the people breaking God's law and paying the price, just like putting their finger in the fire.
What is our role? What do we do? God is doing everything.
We do only one thing, one decision: to be with God or not.
After that God takes over. But we are absolutely free in that decision.
To submit is already done, and the choice, our choice is to willingly submit or unwillingly submit.
And those people who don't believe in God out there, they are submitting to God, except unwillingly.
I mean, they can't control the number of beats of their heart for example. I mean, this is one of the visible things.
But God runs everything. When Reagan decides to agree with the
Russians on limiting nuclear weapons, he's not deciding anything. He's just like
Joseph's brothers. He thinks he's deciding to meet with the Russians
or vice versa. But God runs everything.
We know also that the Angels are as free as we are,
from the incident where Satan refused to obey God and bow down before Adam.
God wants His creatures to be free, as far as that decision is concerned until
the Day of Judgement. The eternal Day of Judgement, there's
no more. We'll see everything, and we'll submit. Everybody will submit
including the dwellers of Hell.
It turns out that if we believe that anybody is doing anything, this is SHIRK. This is idol worship.
You're putting somebody who's doing something with God, next to God,
it negates the idea that God runs everything.
So, if you think anybody is doing anything, I mean, this is by definition is SHIRK, idolatry.
This is why we're gonna remind ourselves to remind ourselves against Satan's ideas,
we're gonna always say God runs everything.
You're gonna do it for a while, and then you'll forget, like I forget.
So, I'm gonna keep after me and after you, and we're gonna repeat that.
I'm gonna remind you, and you remind me, and we will always continuously until every
cell in our body is declaring: God is running everything.
Because this, like I said, sheds a whole new light on Submission, the idea of Submission.
And this sign out there on the wall Happiness is Submission to God
is a profound sign. There's a lot more to it than meets the eye.
You're gonna be perfectly happy, and this ZIKR God runs everything
is going to help you into total Submission because anytime you start to
complain or object, you're gonna remind yourself God runs everything.
I'm complaining against God. I'm complaining that God is doing this, so I'm complaining, I don't like it.
We sometimes we turn into complainers, and we have to catch ourselves.
Complainers will complain when things are good. They complain when things are bad.
They get into a rut and they'll complain continuously. That's objection. That's the opposite of Submission.
There's a good example of decisions. The May issue of the Muslim Perspective,
we decided to print a certain number and we said okay, we're
gonna get to these Muslim organizations. They don't deserve the
Muslim Perspective anyway. So, we're gonna skip one, do one and skip one.
So, we'll send only Muslim Perspectives to half of them, and okay we made a decision, right?
We make decisions, but God makes the decision and God's decision prevails.
So, the next day, the press they called me and they say guess what, we made a mistake.
I said what? Said we changed the page. They printed one page on the wrong side.
So, they have to do it over, for nothing. So, we ended up with a large
number of Muslim Perspectives anyway and we had to send every, you know, the Muslim Perspective to everybody.
But this is an example of deciding, right? We decided to eliminate these names,
but God decided No! You're gonna send it to every single one of them.
God runs everything.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah. Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
I believe this ZIKR is very important, very significant and I believe
is gonna help all of us. So, I'm going to repeat again, impress on you that
whenever you have a chance continuously God is running everything.
God is running everything. God is running everything.
silently and loudly, every chance you get, and eventually, like I said, every cell in
your body will be pronouncing this important decision. This is the requirement to make it to Heaven.
I want to talk again about being upset and fighting with anybody.
Being upset, complaining, fighting, for your own good, you shouldn't do that.
We should not do that for our own good because it backfires manifold.
When you say a hurting word, or a hurting look.
The Quran goes all the way to suspicion. Inside of your head if you suspect, if you're suspicious of some...
you know, you look at me and I have a stomachache or something, and I'm making a face,
and you say this guy is not friendly to me, you've committed a sin.
And it's gonna backfire on you. You're the one who's going to suffer.
You must seek excuses for the people. If I pass by you and I'm making a face,
it is not because I hate you, probably I do, okay, maybe I do, but what you are
supposed to do is oh, he must have a headache or a stomachache or something is bothering him.
And you love me instead of hate me, for your own good.
But if I am making a face, if I'm passing by you and I'm making a face
and you assume that I do it because I don't like you, and it is true, even that
little suspicion in your head will hurt you, will backfire on you, so let alone being loud, calling names.
These backfire on you. For your own protection, for your own peace of mind and happiness, don't do it.
The reason is that the mechanism of it is that it is objection.
It is complaining against what God is doing. God is running everything.
And if your husband, or wife, or your friend is behaving in a certain way,
it's because of something you have done. You have to turn, you have to join your wife
or your husband or your friend and call you names or whatever the other person is doing.
You ally yourself with your enemy against yourself because it's something you have done.
You say God is punishing me for something I have done. I have stepped out of God's laws.
And always on your mind is God is doing everything.
And don't say I'm talking to somebody else. I'm talking to you, every one of you, and me. I have to remind myself.
I think I'm the oldest person in this place. Anybody older than me? gosh.
See, from my experience as being your elder,
I'll give myself the privilege of advising you. From experience, it backfires on you
when you lose your temper. Happiness is submission to God.
You have to make a decision right now that you will never be upset. You will
never complain. Let other people complain. Let them be upset. Let them call you names.
You take the defeated side, for your own good.
Because believe me you're a lot happier this way and you end up victorious.
There is nothing in this world that is worth being upset about.
Believing that God runs everything, as you read in the Quran, equals or
is better than, excuse me, is better than owning everything in this world and twice as much.
If you own Manhattan and all the real-estate on Manhattan, they consider you rich.
So, I'm not talking about Manhattan. I'm talking about all of the United States, all of Japan.
If you own Hong Kong, you'll be rich, with all the real-estate over there.
But believing in God, the proper way, is better than owning everything in the
whole world and twice as much. Does this make you happy? It should.
The simplest thing you do as a believer which is praying five times a day,
if you put it in the right perspective of a person who believes
is the greatest thing that can happen to anybody.
Okay. I want you to put yourself in this situation. You receive a telephone call from the
White House. They say Frank Jurgen, you're invited to have lunch with the president next Wednesday.
Okay, I'm gonna use Frank as an example. Frank immediately will call his work
I'm not coming to work on Wednesday and will call his friends guess what? I'm invited
to lunch at the White House. And he'll find the best clothes to put on
for that important meeting.
Well, five times a day, you have an appointment with the King of kings. If you believe
that God runs everything, that God is the president of the whole world, that Reagan
is a dinky servant, an insignificant creature of God, if you really know that
well, is this what you will do for every prayer? You have an appointment with God five times a day.
You're gonna call work and say I'm not coming to work because I have an appointment
with the president of the whole universe. So, this puts things in perspective.
Are you gonna seek excuses not to go to the White House?
I have a headache, Mr. president. Most people will go even though they
have the worst headache, a migraine and they'll still go.
Okay. I finished the main topic and there are two points that I would
like to mention before I close. One of them is something that I started to do.
I should have done it long time ago. There's a statement in the Quran that say
eat and drink but in moderation, not too much.
So, I started doing this after Ramadan and it feels great not to fill your stomach too much.
I mean, look at the wisdom of the Quran
(7:31) كُلُوا۟ وَٱشْرَبُوا۟ وَلَا تُسْرِفُوٓا۟
eat and drink but in moderation not too much and it's a great thing.
If I continued the same, I wouldn't be able to wear this suit.
I'm beginning to put on some of my clothes that I had discarded.
God created the universe. This will help us appreciate God and how He's
running everything and will induce us to make this new ZIKR continuously.
In the last issue of Parade Magazine, Carl Sagan wrote an article about billions and billions.
God created a billion trillion stars. Now, forget the planets that go with these stars
and forget the fact that the Sun is one of the dim stars.
The bright, a bright star is defined as a star that is a million times, at least a million times as bright as our Sun.
So, God created a billion trillion stars,
and here there's a table from Parade that says how long it would take to
count to this number, you know, the billion trillion or...
a billion trillion will have
7x3, 21 zeroes which will make it a septillion.
A billion trillion is a septillion. Okay. So, but here they went as far as a quintillion.
Let's just go to the small number, okay? Quintillion.
Quintillion is one two or three four five six, six time 3 - only 18 not 21.
The quintillion, how long it will take you to count this number from 0, 1 count
per second, night and day? You know how long it will take you to count the quintillion?
Let's forget the other 1 million stars and let's forget the planets,
and the heavenly bodies and all this, it will take you, listen to this,
you're gonna say: 1 2 3 4, just counting, okay? Not creating, counting. It's gonna take you
32 billion years which is more than the age of the universe.
Okay. I mean, the universe is not 32 billion years. But if you just count,
you look at the stars and count one by one, it's gonna take you
32 billion... this is mathematics. Because you divide the quintillion by
the second and the minutes and the days and so on.
It will take you 32 billion years to just count them and God created them.
So, you can appreciate the greatness of God.
Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar. Allahu Akbar. Allahu Akbar. Allahu Akbar.
La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum