La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah.
We praise God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witn. ss that there's only one God. We worship the one God who created the heavens and the Earth.
Douglas was supposed to give this KHUTBAH, but somebody called and apologized on his behalf. So, I'm stuck with the KHUTBAH.
I just chat with you. I will have to go through a lesson in history for a while. Carl Skinner called from Canada
yesterday. He was talking about Islam to a bunch of students and one student asked him
He was talking about the miracle in the Quran and how the Quran is mathematically composed beyond
the human ability on the basis of the number 19. Every letter, every word in the Quran
mathematically composed beyond the human ability, so we know that this is a book from God. So, that was
the topic of his lecture. One student asked him how long was it from the time the Quran was
revealed to the time the miracle was revealed? And this is what I'm going to go through with you.
The prophet Muhammad was taken to heaven, to the seventh heaven and the Quran
was placed in his heart in one night, the blessed night that's mentioned in
SURA 44, specifically in the month of Ramadan. So, let's call this time zero.
This is revelation of the Quran.
The prophet was sent back in the same night and the Quran was with the person, with the soul
not with the body which requires a process to have released from the person to the body. You
may have information with you. It is not in your body. It has to be released from your soul to your body.
It comes in your physical brain. Then, you can... you'll be able to express it by talking and writing or whatever. So,
the angel Gabriel did this process of mediating the release of the Quran from the soul to the body
and the prophet started to preach the Quran slowly, three verses at a time and started telling the
people to worship God alone and, of course, he was persecuted. They told him you are crazy. You want
us to worship one God. They threw garbage at his house and at him. They threatened him. They called him all kinds
of names. Some of them are documented in the Quran. And the people started to believe in
him secretly. This went on for three years, three years secretly, preaching secretly, hiding, sneaking in,
praying to God alone, mentioning the name of God alone in their prayers and then when they became known
inevitably, the people boycotted the believers. They called them all crazy. You worship God alone.
What do you mean God alone? Sounds familiar, doesn't it? And all the believers were persecuted and
they were boycotted. They told them not to stay in Mecca. So, they went out of Mecca in
tents about a couple of miles out of Mecca. They were forbidden from going to the Ka‘bah.
This is Muhammad and the people with him. And this lasted for, I believe, a year and a half
or two years. You know, the people of Mecca said you cannot trade with them. You cannot
talk to them. You cannot marry from them, from their families. Just a total boycott. This ended
let's say, two years. So, this makes it five years. Three years in secret, two years of boycott. They
were banished outside of Mecca. So, this makes it five years. And then, Omar joined the Muslims.
Omar was one of the strongest disbelievers and then became one of the strongest believers. When
Omar joined, they were able to come out of the closet, so to speak. They became public and then
the number of believers increased. This is inevitable. The number of believers always
increase. If you move to another town and you start a Quranic study based... or a place of
worship based on worshiping God alone and you're all by yourself, you're guaranteed to
grow. Somebody would come out of nowhere and join you and this will keep happening. When
you have four people and one of them leaves, two people will come or ten. So, the believers
increased and the movement became too strong for the disbelievers to stand, so they decided
to kill Muhammad. And, of course, God protects His messenger and on that night, he was
inspired to, to emigrate. That was thirteen years after the revelation of Quran. It's called Hijra.
This is emigration from Mecca to Medina and this is very well documented.
The dating of the Islamic calendar started from this point. So, this was
year zero for Hijra. From the Hijra, this year is 1409.
We are now in 1409 of the Hijra calendar. Now, when Carl called and asked when, what
was that length of time from the revelation of the Quran to the revelation of the miracle?
I went back to my documents, here. I have published my magazine called Islam. It was very luxurious
beautiful colors. Every issue had a different color and beautiful paper. And so, I went broke
after three issues. All I have is three issues. In fact, I started to be cheap after the
two first two issues. I put number three and four together if you... you probably all of you saw that
but anyway I went back to those documents. Now, I know why God made me publish
that magazine with that year: 1974. I also went to the publications in Egypt where I have written
about the miracle and we put it in the biggest... God mobilizes all kinds of forces to put it in
the biggest magazines that have the dates on it: the Hijra dates and the regular dates.
And I was able to pin down the time of the revelation of the miracle to one month when the number 19
as the common denominator throughout the Quran became a reality. That was January
1974
And this corresponded to the.. to what... the last month. This is the first month of 1974 corresponds to
the last month of 1393. This is from this point from Hijra, 1393 of Hijra.
So, from the time of revelation of the Quran, you just add 13.
So, here we have three dating systems which gives us happily, three years divisible by
19, every every 19 years. But anyway, we have the Christian Era from the time of Jesus
1974, from the time of Hijra 1393. From the time of revelation of the Quran, this time
here, we can call it Quranic calendar, Hijra calendar, or Christian calendar. So, when
you add these to get from time zero, revelation of the Quran, the total is 1406.
This is the time of revelation of the miracle and this equals 19 times 74.
You can see... you can see the connection, don't you? And 74 is the SURA where the number 19 is mentioned.
So, this pins it down. For the last
couple of weeks, Sammy has been saying 1974. This is the year. This is the SURA. This is the number.
And I'd say what's he talking about? you first... I'm not thinking of exactly when the miracle
was discovered. Cause I started the research in 1968 and this was going on and Sammy was saying
1974 is the year. And I thought he is off by a few years, but turns out he is exactly right. January 1974.
So, what does this tell us? This tells us that all history of Islam from the very beginning
from the revelation of Quran to the revelation of the miracle of the Quran and all these
things have been predestined since before the creation of the heavens and the Earth.
God put them... I mean, look at the Christian date and the Quranic date. It's 1406 which equals 19 times 74.
So, I think this is enough for one KHUTBAH. So, I am asking you to turn
to God and repent and clean the slate. Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
We praise God and we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
I want to... before I go to another subject... like I
said I'm just chatting with you, not supposed to be giving this KHUTBAH.
I want to emphasize the Dawn Prayer. The Dawn Prayer. You have no idea how important the dawn... Dawn Prayer is.
It dawned on me. No pun intended. It just came out. I was reading the Quran the other day and it dawned on me that
God used the word the Dawn Prayer and when we were growing up they taught us to do the Morning Prayer
and I noticed that even until now I say I intend to do the Morning Prayer, SALAT AL-SOBH, in Arabic. That is
wrong. If you miss... if the sun rises before you do the Morning Prayer you've missed the Dawn Prayer
because the Quran calls it the Dawn Prayer which means it must be done at dawn and ironically, this
morning, there's a commercial now, you can hear it. If you listen to the radio, you're gonna hear this
commercial about a truck driver who... listen carefully, Iman... a truck driver who... he's complaining... it's an Anison
commercial... and complaining that he's driving long distances and then he becomes stiff after a long
distance. So, again the commercial's saying don't stay in the same position for a long time. Get out
and stretch in order to evade arthritis. And God is telling us to do the Dawn Prayer for our benefit
Cause if you want your mental health before your physical health, you have to get up at dawn
and stretch your... and lubricate your joints at any cost. And we had this problem in Canada when I
was visiting ten days ago and people were saying how the alarm... they just shut the alarm
off and go back to sleep and I told them get the biggest and most obnoxious alarm and put it
far away... far away from you at the other end of the room cause it's what you needed to do at the
beginning. The beginning, it is difficult to do the Dawn Prayer which is an indication to you
that your soul is too weak and is unable to control your body. This... this gives... this is a thermometer for you
cause as you do the Dawn Prayer, as required by God, your soul will grow and your body will become
become obedient to you. And then it will become easier and easier and then you'll enjoy
actually getting up for the Dawn Prayer, but it is for your physical benefit and for your mental
benefit. Do the Dawn Prayer. Also if you're here in masjid Tucson, you're a very special person.
I assure you, you have no idea how special you are and you must... you know the slightest must be perfect.
You have to do the Five Prayers. You have to do the Dawn Prayer cause your responsibility is also great.
God has given you a great opportunity and, and a great responsibility comes with the deal. So, you
have to do the, the Dawn Prayer, please. The Five Prayers, but I'm emphasizing right now the Dawn
Prayer because this is how it is mentioned for your physical health and your mental health.
The next subject is I sense that some people didn't like Mahmood Abib's KHUTBAH because he was
talking about another human being emphasizing the miracles... Is Mahmood here? OK. I hope your
feelings are not hurt. A couple of people maybe didn't like your KHUTBAH last time. The reason is
Mahmood is presenting a lot of physical evidence that has to do with God's... God... God likes to send...
God's system is to send information to all of us and it is very exciting and I'm excited along
with you and the believer that God is sending to us a lot of information, fantastic information
and God picks out one person to distribute this information and He gave us the evidence
to do that. So, I want to say that... remind you that Ibrahim was a very good believer.
God calls him His friend, one who never was an idol worshiper. You and I have been idol worshippers
some time in our life, but he never was an idol worshiper, Abraham. And this is repeated in the
Quran so many times. This makes him special and I'm only stating the Quranic facts.
It's not idol worship when you state Quranic facts since God is the one who said that because when we read the Quran and
mentions names, God is the one who's mentioning those names. So, Abraham asked God to show him how
God revives the dead and a rhetorical question was asked don't you believe? This is to teach
us that it does not reflect disbelief or lack of faith but Abraham said I want to assure
my heart. So, God is sending all this physical evidence to assure our hearts to strengthen
our faith and we cannot say we don't need it, you know, cause we've been convinced long time ago.
But for 8 years, it was my opinion not to make any announcements or any declarations,
for eight years. I was resisting that and I was saying I'll just... together, we will just
worship God alone and uphold the Quran alone and this is enough. But
it turns out to be a very important test. In SURA 17, verse 94, God says
what prohibited... what stopped the people from believing was that they said that God sends a
human messenger. In other words, a human being like us being a messenger. The exact words say what forbade
the people from believing and asking God for forgiveness is that they said did God send
a human messenger? And those were believers who dropped out. So, it turns out that that
announcement was a very important test because we are here to sift away... sift away the drop-outs.
I mean something happens and then that will sift away some people because basically we committed
a horrendous crime back billions of years ago and this is why we are here to redeem ourselves.
The original sin is very much a fact, a Quranic fact. And it is not Adam eating freely from
the tree, either. It goes billions of years before that. So, you notice that God designed the world so the Sun
will rise at at 7:15 like in the last two months to see how many people will pray the Dawn Prayer.
So, let's say a hundred people pray when the sun rises at 7:00, 7:15. At 7 o'clock, they're doing their Dawn
Prayer. It is perfect. And then the design of the world is that the sun will rise at 6 o'clock in about a month. Then
15 people will drop out and we have only 85 people praying the Dawn Prayer because now the Sun rises at
6 o'clock, too early for those 15. And then in about 4 months, the Sun will be rising at 5
o'clock and 25 people will drop out and we have 60 people left doing the Dawn Prayer. The Sun rises at 5
o'clock and they are doing the Dawn Prayer, 60 people. And then, in about 6 months I think, the Sun
will be rising at 4 o'clock and there'll be only... 40 people will drop out and be only 20 who are doing the
Dawn Prayer. These are the 20 that God wants back into His kingdom. The other 80 dropped out. The same with
the fasting of Ramadan. It's just... it's a sifting process, elimination process. God wants in His
kingdom those who are the real believers who will carry out God's commandments, no matter what.
And I may be a believer. I'm telling myself I believe in God and in the Hereafter and then doing the
five prayers. I'm doing the commandments, but God knows that there's something in me that must be
brought out. So, He tells me this person is God's messenger. Oh, come on. No, I don't accept that. Then, I
drop out. I become a drop-out. It's a very important test that is stated in 17:94 and in 14:44. 14:44 God
says on the Day of Judgment, there's a whole bunch of people who will say please God send us back and we'll
believe in the messengers and follow them. It is not the person. It is God's information
that we are following all together. It is not the person. In SURA 3 verse 164, God says it is
a blessing from God that He's sending information through one of you to distribute this information
and recite God's revelation. But I realized that that announcement was very important for that purpose.
I was ignorant. I didn't realize it was necessary. And God has been teaching me that it is necessary
for that purpose. Because I see people whom I thought were perfect believers, all over the
world. Let me mention one name, Kassim Ahmad, for example, in Malaysia. A beautiful person. I
still think he will be saved but at this time he says I can accept everything but I can't accept
I cannot accept that you're God's messenger. So, he is temporarily dropped out, but he is a perfect believer
in my opinion, let's say before the announcement. He was a perfect believer upholding the Quran alone,
doing the prayers, the duties, the commandments. But then the announcement came and this he dropped
out. I still have hope for him but he stopped from the political point of view. He says you were doing
fine. I did... I don't think the announcement was necessary. I said this is how I thought, how I
felt for 8 years. I thought it was not necessary, but God has His system. We cannot go against the system.
And as you know the announcement started by by firing me. I was fired. I was told
You're a chicken. You cannot do it. I'm gonna find somebody else. You're going to Hell. And I reached
the conviction that I was fired. I was lost. I was going to Hell. I really believed that. And I cried
as I never cried in my life on that night. I remember the date as I remember everything.
And then, I started repenting and when I reached that point, of course, you don't care anymore. I
said I'm gonna make the announcement even if my my children tell me you're a crazy man. Get out of here.
Even if I lose my children, my family, my friends. I don't care if I lose everything. When I reached the
conviction that I will make the announcement without any fear without any hesitation
and without any fake modesty. Cause modesty if you... if you... if you live a lie that
is... that is actually arrogance. It's not... it's not modesty. You're a
civil engineer and you say you're a civil engineer. That is not arrogance.
It'll be arrogance if you think that this will alienate the people around you by saying
you're a civil engineer and you hide it. And you say I'm a poor uneducated person like you guys.
I mean, in a situation for that civil engineer who wants to be friend of the laborers, for example.
Maybe, I used a bad example but that will be arrogance on his part to say that.
Also, God wants to teach us that the messengers were just human beings who are not better than anybody around them.
We have the great lesson from Moses, one of
the great messengers of God, a prophet who brought the Torah.
but not just a messenger. A messenger and a prophet and God gave him fantastic miracles: parting the Red
sea and all these things. And then God sent him to one of Our servants to teach him a
few lessons. Remember that in SURA 18? So, we learn... it is very important to learn that the messenger
is a human being who's just as silly as we are. And you can kid around with him and wrestle with him.
Why are you laughing Lydia?
So, Mahmood Abib's KHUTBAH was necessary for us to reassure our hearts.
And you go to Lydia after the KHUTBAH to explain to you why she was laughing.
I don't wanna have anything mysterious here. So, and she will tell you. Today, IN SHAA ALLAH
tonight, we'll celebrate Soad's birthday and Hamid's birthday. Who's the cake maker?
Flory, the best cake makers of... and the Erishen's anniversary. Three occasions.
And they will only have... we only have happy occasions in this place. This is God's promise. So,
Aqem Al-Salat. Allahu Akbar. Allahu Akbar.