Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
We praise God and we bear witness that there is only One God.
I would like to review with you very quickly, the new issue of the Muslim Perspective.
As you know,
we are witnessing the emergence of a fantastic miracle
that tells the world, this is a message from God to the world, that this is a supernatural
scripture that could not possibly be human-made.
And the evidence is accumulating and increasing in accordance
with the verse in SURA 41
that says we will show them our miracles in the horizons, and within themselves,
until they realize that this is the truth. Until they give up.
Unfortunately, our Muslim Ulama are still stuck in the first letter of the QURAN.
In Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem. They're still
trying to figure out how many letters are in the BISMILLAH,
the first verse.
Only a couple of days ago, Cath met this fellow from Saudi Arabia.
And he told her do you go to that mosque over there?
And she said yes, we have a...
and I will always go there.
We have a proof that... what the truth is that the Quran is complete perfect
fully detailed.
And he said is this based on the miracle of 19?
And she said yes. And he said...
And he started out denying that Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem is 19 letters.
So, she asked him to write it down.
He wrote down 19 letters; Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem.
Then, she asked him to count it.
And this is what the Muslim Ulama are doing.
And he started counting invisible letter.
She said the computer, what the computer sees,
what your eye sees, is what you count.
How many letters do you see?
So, the miracles are overwhelmingly accumulating.
And they are still stuck in the first letter.
BA, it is Douglas' famous statement.
They're still at the BA, because they wanna figure out if there is an ALIF after the
BA or not.
Ironically, God wrote down the two words
in the first revelation of QURAN. You'll find Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem and right
after it is IQRA BISM,
and the two words, BISM (بِسْمِ) and BISM (بِٱسْمِ) are spelled differently,
one without the ALIF and one with the ALIF.
And this is what got the Mufti of Yemen who came here one time to argue with us.
So, in this issue of the perspective, I'm listing the latest
findings that Lisa found out last month.
And I will mention them quickly.
What we see in these miracles is confirmation of
certain parameters of the QURAN.
Among the parameters of the QURAN are the verses, the number of verses, the numbers
of verses,
verse number 7 or 19 or 70, 71, whatever.
The numbers of verses is a characteristic, a parameter of the QURAN.
The numbers of SURAs and the sequence of SURAs.
Looks like this is what is being proven to the world now.
Of course, a lot of them will not know it
for until 50 years from now.
But at this time, it seems like God is revealing proof to tell us
that the verses, the numbers of verses, the sequence of verses, the numbers of SURAs
and the sequence of SURAs are all dictated by God.
They could not be human-made.
The first Quranic initial ALIF LAM MEEM is in SURA 2, verse 1.
And the last initial is NUN in SURAH 68.
And when you count the verses between these two, they are 5,263,
a multiple of 19,
the common denominator. 19 which means La Elaha Ella Allah or God is One.
So, this tells us that the number of verses is divinely dictated.
Now, between the ALIF LAM MEEM and the NUN, there are 19 groups of SURAs: initialed, un-initialed,
initialed, un-initialed, 19 of them.
There are 38, 19 x 2, un-initialed SURAs.
The word ALLAH occurs outside of this range 57 which is 19 x3
and the inside is 2,641 which is also a multiple of 19.
19 X 139.
And then, when you take...
Now, we have SURAs where the word ALLAH occurs.
There are SURAs where there is not a single word ALLAH.
But if you take the SURAs where the word ALLAH occurs, well, this is a very special
word.
You take the SURA number and the verses where the word ALLAH
occurs and add them up
and the total is 2432 which is a multiple of 19.
And this is only in the outside of the ALIF LAM MEEM and the NUN.
We are working now on the inside.
Hopefully, we'll finish it this weekend.
But this tells us that the sequence of SURAs is dictated by God.
We have here a table showing the SURAs and verses
where the word ALLAH occurs
and you can see for yourself,
anybody can.
These are factual observations.
It is not an opinion.
It's not nobody's,
It is nobody's opinion.
So, they cannot say you don't have the right to interpret.
There is no interpretation.
These are factual observations on the Quran.
Now, at the end of the article, I started to go through the historical development of
the miracle
and how when the first items came out,
they rejected it.
And then, the evidence intensified, increased and they continued
to reject it.
And then, they became arrogantly and stubbornly opposing it.
And now, it is pride and ego.
They cannot agree with it anymore.
But the evidence keeps piling and accumulating.
And the idea, as I see it, is to confirm the hardcore disbelievers.
Because the Quran says
(7:146) سَأَصْرِفُ عَنْ ءَايَـٰتِىَ ٱلَّذِينَ يَتَكَبَّرُونَ فِى ٱلْأَرْضِ بِغَيْرِ ٱلْحَقِّ
I will divert from My revelations those who are too
arrogant to accept My miracles or My revelations.
وَإِن يَرَوْا۟ كُلَّ ءَايَةٍۢ لَّا يُؤْمِنُوا۟ بِهَا
And no matter what kind of miracle they see, they will not believe in it.
So, this is to confirm that they deserve the lowest pit of hell.
The evidence keeps increasing and they keep rejecting it, until they're confirmed as hardcore
disbelievers.
Now, as you know Ihsan has been with us for a few weeks now
and she's been doing a lot of research on the Quran. She is walking around with a counter
just counting the letters and words and so on.
And she found something that again confirms that the verse numbers is dictated by God.
When you look at the verse number and says, verse number 36,
this number is assigned by God.
She noticed as all of you did that SURA AL-RAHMAN, number 55, has this word repeated in it Aalaa' (ءَالَآءِ)
which means marvels.
As you know, 31 times in SURA 55, God says which of God's marvels can you deny?
So, she looked at this verse and she noticed first of all that there is a pattern
that this statement which of your God's marvels can you deny?
First, there is one odd-numbered verse and then two even-numbered verses
and then, three odd-numbered verses.
These are the verse numbers where this statement occurs.
And then, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 even-numbered verses.
And then, 17 odd-numbered verses.
So, you can see that there is a deliberate pattern there.
Okay then, she looked in the Quran for wherever this word occurs.
There are two verses in SURA 7
that say remember and reflect on God's marvels.
There is also a similar statement in SURA 53 and the verse number is 55.
You see the connection with SURA 55?
The verse here is 55.
The SURA is 53.
And it says which of God's marvels are you... do you have doubts about?
This is
(53:55) فَبِأَىِّ ءَالَآءِ رَبِّكَ تَتَمَارَىٰ
And this
رَبِّكَ تَتَمَارَىٰ
And this is
فَبِأَىِّ ءَالَآءِ رَبِّكُمَا تُكَذِّبَانِ
Okay, so what she did, this is all the... this word occurs only in these SURAs.
So, she added up the numbers of the SURAs and the verses
and there is the total,
a multiple of 19.
So, this tells you that this special statement, the numbers of SURAs and verses,
SURAs and verses is dictated by God.
It follows the pattern of 19.
So, she added all these numbers together and the total is a multiple of 19.
And she is as greedy as I am, as far as this research is concerned.
So, she counted the letters in these verses. 114. Each of these.
114 letters which is talking about God's marvels.
That's another multiple of 19.
And then, she added the two statements, the letters in the two statements.
This statement here, if you take one of them, it's 20 letters which, this is directed to the humans and the jinns.
Which of God's marvels can you deny? is 20 letters.
And this verse here where it says, 55 in SURA 53,
you notice there is a 55:53.
So, you'll take this one and this one, and they are 38 letters, 19 x2.
So, the miracle is very tight and interlocking.
And there is no escape for the people who keep denying it.
So, looks like all the parameters of the QURAN... we're gonna
end up with every single parameter confirmed as dictated by God.
And if you read the books that they study in Azhar for example, they go through all
kinds of hypothetical situations where the divisions
of SURAs
SURAs and verses may have been.
But the fact is, you pick up the Quran anywhere in the world and you find
these verses.
You find this statement which of God's marvels can you deny?
You'll find it in these SURAs and these verses, in Japan or in Sweden or in Pakistan.
The fact is the Quran has these numbers.
And they all conform to the mathematical, the miraculous mathematical code.
To conclude, increasingly, we see here that we have a book from God
where you read every word in it, and you have 100% confidence that this is from God.
And you can base your future and your life on it as you will see in the next KHUTBA, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
In SURA 38, verse 67,
there's a statement that says proclaim that it is a momentous event that you are disregarding.
So, proclaim to the people the momentous, the great event.
(38:67) قُلْ هُوَ نَبَؤٌا۟ عَظِيمٌ
Say or proclaim; it is a momentous or a great event.
(38:68) أَنتُمْ عَنْهُ مُعْرِضُونَ
That you are disregarding.
The average person on the street is going about his or her life totally unaware of the great event.
The great event is a universal conference: The Day of Resurrection
where the people of the past, present and future will be resurrected
and will be assigned a job or a position,
if you will, for eternity.
And everyone of those people should be thinking about that.
What is the position that will be assigned to them for eternity in the real life?
Are they gonna be assigned... is he gonna be a garbage collector forever?
There is nothing wrong with garbage collecting here to make a living but forever?
Is he gonna be an engineer or a pilot or a doctor or a lawyer?
Using terms of this world.
That is the great event that they are totally disregarding and they're totally unaware of it and totally unprepared.
Here in this world, they go to school for umpteen years
to get a degree to qualify for a good job.
For how long?
30 years, 20 years, 50 years?
So, this is our school for the eternal life.
And so, how much credits are they accumulating in preparation for that assignment for that eternal job?
There'll be people going there, into eternal life with zero credits.
Didn't go to school at all.
And there will be grade school dropouts.
And there will be high school dropouts and college dropouts and college graduates and graduate students and PhDs
depending how much credit you accumulate here.
So, when we wake up every morning, we have to ask.
you know today I'm going to accumulate credit for
this world, so many credits.
X credits.
How many I'm going to get for the real life, for the eternal life?
We accumulate credits by sitting here.
Now, we are collecting credit.
Your record is gonna have the Friday Prayers which is a commandment from God.
You go to the Friday Prayer and drop all business.
And God promises immediately after that, that will make it up to you
money-wise or earning-wise. If you drop all business and come to the Friday Prayer,
God says He'll provide for you a lot more and much better here in this world.
And by the way, the credits that you accumulate here, they help you here.
You remember last time, I read for you from Psalms.
Psalm 91
where God says He gives word to His angels to carry you, lest you dash your foot against the stone. So, it happens here.
You remember I read for you from Luke 12:29
that you seek God's kingship over you and the rest will follow automatically,
and the rest meaning; health, wealth, happiness.
Happiness, you don't know where it's coming from, emanates from your inside.
And you're like an artificially-intoxicated person that is alcohol-intoxicated
cause the real intoxication is God's intoxication where you are laughing and happy
regardless of what is happening.
The earthquake killed two million people in Tucson
and you are happy and joyous.
So, understanding the events that happen in the world
and why the earthquakes happen.
But the happiness is a internal feeling that only God controls, nobody else.
And there is false happiness that does not last.
And there is real happiness that lasts.
So, you benefit from the credits here in this world.
And this is a big mistake that most people out there make.
They think that they have to wait until the Day of Judgment to cash in their credits.
You start cashing it right now.
So, every morning, we have to ask ourselves how many credits do I want?
The Five daily Prayers are the credits that you collect daily in your record.
So, we really have to consciously ask is our
record going to be empty of credits or full?
Because that will decide your position for eternity.
Proclaim that it is a great event,
a momentous event that you, the people, are disregarding.
You are totally unaware of it.
Aqem Al-Salat
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah