Lisa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Dr. Khalifa: ‘Alaykum Al-Salãm
Lisa: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
As Rashad said we're starting with verse 75.
Just commence it.
In, in Sura 56, verse 75,
The Honorable Quran
[56:75] I swear by the positions of the stars.
[56:76] And it is an awesome oath, if you only knew.
I'd like to stop there for just a second, because we could talk about that all night.
We know now, though it was not known 1500, 1400 years ago, how awesome an oath this truly is.
1400 years ago, they could see the stars and looking up in the sky being awed by them
as we are today.
But for us, having the knowledge that we have, we know that what you can see in the night
sky is just the minutest fraction of the stars there.
I'd like to read just a little bit of, of passage,
talking about how big our galaxy and, and the universe really is.
I don't wanna go too, too far with it, but just to give us a little bit of a feel again of
how awesome an oath this truly is, because it is a more awesome oath than we can really
comprehend, even though intellectually we can try.
It's, it's beyond our comprehension.
Our sun is only one of perhaps a million stars within our galaxy, the Milky Way.
The size of the Milky Way is awesome.
It would take us 100,000 years at the speed of light to cross it from one end to the other,
bearing in mind that the sun's light travels 93
Lisa: It's that, let's see, 93
Lisa: hundred Dr. Khalifa: million
Lisa: Yeah, million miles in four minutes.
We can appreciate the vastness of the Milky Way.
It's 100,000 light years across.
From the outer limit of our galaxy, how significant is the planet Earth of the solar system?
Our next door, neighbor galaxy, the closest galaxy to our Milky Way, is 2 million light years away.
These are all established scientific facts that a civilized and highly educated generation
is fortunate to know.
If we go to the center of our neighbor galaxy, can we visualize the planet Earth of the Milky Way galaxy?
How significant is it at that distance?
By moving away from our galaxy to the nearest galaxy close to us, we are already talking about
incredible distances, millions of light years, yet our universe contains a great number of galaxies.
Back in the 1950s, Shane and Wharton drew the first map of the universe and its galaxies.
1000 galaxies were surveyed then.
And since then, scientists have discovered 1 billion galaxies, more than a million times
what was known 30 years ago.
Can you imagine the vastness of our universe with its billion galaxies and billion trillion stars?
Dr. Khalifa: We are now talking about billions of light years within our universe.
Lisa: ‘Alaykum Al-Salãm Dr. Khalifa: ‘Alaykum Al-Salãm
Lisa: Have you lost track of our planet Earth?
Lisa: How significant is our planet Earth?
Dr. Khalifa: Douglas (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) sit next to (unintelligible)
Lisa: It is very important to keep this size and our
significance, or perspective, in order to appreciate the significance or insignificance
of teeny creatures who inhabited this planet for a brief period of time.
And then, we have one of the Psalms.
This is Psalm, from Psalm 8.
[3] When I behold Your heavens, the work of Your fingers, the moon and stars which You set in place
[4] what is man that You should be mindful of him, or the son of man that You should care for him?
And yet we get up in the morning and we think, we're so important.
This is truly an awesome oath.
And God is, is swearing.
[56:75] I swear by the positions of the stars.
[56:76] And it is an awesome oath, if you only knew.
[56:77] This is an honorable Quran.
[56:78] In a perfectly preserved book.
[56:79] None can touch it except the righteous.
[56:80] It is a revelation from the Lord of the universe.
We have in our hands the only thing that we need.
God has blessed us with this incredible blessing.
This is our roadmap back to God.
And we know that it, it is, it is an honorable Quran, and it has been perfectly preserved.
We in this mosque know that better than any people on earth.
Or we've been incredibly blessed, incredibly blessed.
The, the miracles continue to come, flooding us, absolutely flooding us, showing with, with no uncertain, in no uncertain terms
that this book is perfectly preserved, and that not only is it perfectly preserved,
but it is so incredibly coded that there is no way that any human being could have even
approached to the slightest, to the slightest degree approached writing even one Sura.
It's beyond, it's beyond us, truly, for me.
And we know now also that none can touch it except the righteous.
What does that mean?
I mean, that doesn't mean physically touch it, but it means that no one can get from
this Quran unless they are righteous, unless they, unless they're truly seeking God.
And beyond that, and more importantly for us at this point, we know that no one
could discover this miracle without being righteous.
There is no way.
This, this miracle is as awesome as anything we can imagine.
God has already sworn by the position of the stars that this is enough. This, this Quran is honorable
and it is perfectly preserved.
And that is, that is overwhelming. It is absolutely overwhelming.
So, we know, first of all, we know that this Quran has been preserved, but we also
are given very clearly, a very, the strongest of proofs, that the discoverer of this, of this code is indeed
righteous, which is something that, of course, we will all hear it otherwise, because that's
the way Satan works. That's the way we all get, get trapped.
But we know very clearly that this, the miracle and the, the revelation itself had to have come from God.
There is no way, there is no way we could, we could have made it up, or could have, could have been tricked from God,
that anyone could have tricked God to discover the miracle any more than they could have
tricked God to be the prophet whom the revelation was given.
Verse 81,
[56:81] Are you then evading this message?
[56:82] Do you make it your share that you reject it?
[56:83] (your soul) will reach your throat someday
[56:84] then you will look around.
[56:85] We are closer to it ...
your throat
[56:85] ... than you are, but you cannot see.
[56:86] If you do have any power— [56:87] you should reclaim (your soul), if you are truthful?
Look at how many people are fighting, fighting this miracle.
These verses to me are, are specifically directed to them, as well as obviously to those who, who rejected the Quran.
[56:81] Are you then evading this message?
God has already said that the Quran is perfectly preserved, that none can touch it except the righteous,
and yet there are those who, who, who say that they are Muslim, who say that
they are studying the Quran, and yet they reject the numerical code.
And they do it out of ego, because they, they don't like what it leads to, which is worshipping
God alone, and leaving all the tradition, all of the falsehood, all of the garbage,
and coming back to the very simple truth.
It is very simple.
It's not easy until you make it, until you allow it to be easy.
It's, it's very simple, and it's very straightforward and clear-cut.
Those who are evading this message, and that's truly what it is, I mean, anyone who reads
this, reads this Quran, has to, has to evade it or follow it.
If you follow it, there's no way you can, you can follow the Hadith and Sunnah, there's no way
you can accept all the other garbage if you are following the Quran.
So, if you're reading it, and you're still following the Hadith and Sunnah, you are evading
the Quran.
[56:82] Do you make it your share that you reject it?
Well, it takes a very, it takes a lot of work, I think, in, on some level, not to accept the truth.
You have to, you have to work at rejecting the truth, and I, and I think that when you tend to do that,
or when you do that, you, then you become a fanatic about it. And I think,
personally, I think, that's a lot of what we're seeing.
And it's very clear from the next verses that none of us control our lives. None of us can
stop death when it comes.
God is, is closer to us than our jugular vein.
He stands between us and our hearts.
We know that God is in control of every, the minutest detail in the universe.
He controls every atom, every subatomic particle within our body, within the rest of the universe.
That power is so awesome and so incomprehensible to us that it's probably easier for most people
to ignore it, because it's too scary to realize that there is a power that is that great.
And yet, we're here to come back to that realization.
We're here because we, we did not remember that when we were in God's presence on the Heavenly
plane, and we're here again, as, as Laurie so beautifully expressed, we're here again to
try and come back with, within a second chance.
Should I, can I stop here?
Lisa: Are there any questions or comments?
Lisa: One second.
A man: This word, Arabic word "touch" is multiple meaning?
Lisa: Oh, I'm sorry, I don't know whether the Arabic has a double meaning or not. Rashad.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, we just read the footnote.
Lisa: I'm sorry, thank you. Excuse me.
The footnote: The Quran is by no means a regular book.
Only the sincere seekers of the truth will be allowed to understand it.
See 41:44.
The insincere will be prevented from acquiring any knowledge from the Quran.
In fact, those who are prevented by God from learning the Quran claim that this verse
means that no one can physically touch the Quran unless he satisfies certain ablution requirements.
Obviously, this distortion is a clever satanic plot to prevent people from studying God's
message to them.
Lisa: Our salvation is in reading, studying, and heeding the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: It's not really "touch", the English word... the Arabic word does not mean "touch" in English.
I will have to find another word.
But still in English, you can say that means that nobody can derive anything out from the Quran unless they are sincere.
But in Arabic the word is YAMAS (يَمَسُّ) And it's different from YALMAS (يلمس).
which is YALMAS (يلمس) is the physical touch but YAMAS (يَمَسُّ) is touch in this meaning, meaning that they cannot take,
derive, understand anything from its letters, you see.
Because your teacher is God.
When you read this book, you're directly being taught by God,
as we read in Sura 55. It's not a regular book.
This is why you read it over and over a thousand times, and you still find new things every time.
Unlike a novel, you read a novel and that's it, you throw it away, you don't wanna see it again.
So, because every time you look in it, God gives you new information.
This is, in verse 77, the Quran in Arabic is described as KARIM (كَرِيمٌۭ).
In other places, it's called Quran 'AZIM (عظیم).
And in Sura 50, it's described as Quran MAJID (مجید), glorious. 'AZIM (عظیم), great. KARIM (كَرِيمٌۭ), honorable.
So, these are actually attributes of God Himself.
This is awesome, to describe the Quran with the same names of God.
'AZIM (عظیم), MAJID (مجید), KARIM (كَرِيمٌۭ).
It tells you how great this book is. Your salvation is in this book.
And we're really, we're really fortunate to be studying it every week.
And in the Quran studies, hopefully, you're reading it every day, at least one verse every day. Make it a duty upon yourself.
Because it's a tremendous blessing.
[56:79] None can touch it except the righteous.
And we have, we have an international observation to prove this.
In the, the miracle of Quran that is coming out of this mosque, that it is, it is a miracle that is
like the Quran, ranges from the very simple to the very complex.
Yet, nobody was allowed to make any discovery in this miracle except those who are connected with, with us,
connected with believers, only believers, who believe like we do.
We believe in worshipping God alone, and upholding the word of God alone.
Just look at the people who made discoveries. I want to pass this around.
Let's do it very fast. Just take one and pass it on to the next one.
This is a, a summary of the miracle in one page.
And when you look on the back, under other features of the miracle, you'll see that the first verse is 19 letters,
the number of Suras is 114, 19 x 6.
Is this simple enough?
The first verse is 19 letters. The number of Suras is a multiple of 19.
Very simple.
The first revelation was 19 words. The last revelation 19 words.
These are famous first revelation and famous last revelation.
And they are very simple. They don't require a computer.
But not a single person outside the fold of believers was allowed to touch it.
It's a monopoly.
You look at the people who made the major discoveries, Abdullah, Mahmood, Ihsan, Lisa, many others, Feroz, Ismail
These are the people that we know.
And they are all, Gatut, all the people, all, they're all people who firmly believe like we do.
And for a long time I was surprised "why doesn't anybody else find these things?" You know. Because I needed some support.
It's very simple.
When you look at the back, you'll see how simple it is.
From the missing BISMILLAH to the extra BISMILLAH, 19 Suras. Is this difficult?
I mean, the consistency and repetition of the number 19 is so simple.
Yet, nobody, there are a billion Muslims in the world, but none of them was allowed to
find these very simple facts unless they have heard the Quran alone.
If they believed in Hadith and Sunnah and mentioned other names in their Prayer, well, they,
they, they are not permitted to touch it.
This is verse 77.
By the way, on the front, you see a very complex miracle.
In the circle, this was, it's no longer the biggest number in the world, because this is already obsolete.
Abdullah on his birthday, yesterday, made it obsolete.
In this circle, the number begins with the first verse in the Quran, 1.
So, if you look on the left, there is an asterisk on the left side of the circle.
And you see, right, we start by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
These are the verses of the first Sura, 7 verses.
Followed by the total number of verses in the Sura, which is 7.
Then, you move on to the next Sura, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, all the way to 286,
the number of verses in Sura 2.
Then you put the total number of verses in Sura two, 286.
And you do this all the way to the end of the Quran.
When you get to the end of the Quran, if you look on the right side, you see this big arrow that says total number of verses in the Quran. You put that.
Now, you have a very long number, that is, I like it in the metric system, it's one kilometer long.
And it consists of 12,696 digits.
And it is a multiple of 19.
If you go on, if you see now, if you look on the right side of the circle, in the middle of it,
with the big arrow that says total number of verses in the Quran, after the asterisk
comes the total number of verses in the first Sura, which is 7.
And next to it, the 7 verses, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Then, you put the total number of verses in Sura number 2, and so on.
So, what we're doing in the lower half is we are reversing the position of the total
number of verses. Instead putting it at the end of every Sura, we're putting it at the
beginning of every Sura.
And brothers and sisters, the number is divisible when you go to the end.
So now, this is a circle, and connect the two numbers, you have what was, until
yesterday, the day before yesterday, the longest number in the world, 25,388 digits.
And that's a multiple of 19.
Now, what Abdullah did to make this number obsolete, he added the number of every Sura.
Okay, let's go now to the asterisk on the left side of the circle.
It begins with the numbers of the verses of the first Sura, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
followed by the total number of verses in this Sura, which is 7.
Now, between the two 7s there, he put the number of the Sura, 1.
And he did this with every Sura, and you guessed it, the number is still divisible.
It's just incredible.
And there is more.
If you put the number of the Sura at the beginning, or at the end, or in the middle,
it's still divisible.
So, this will be in the Ramadan issue. In the Muslim perspective, you're gonna get more, more details.
So now, I don't know how many digits there are from the first Sura to the last Sura, the numbers.
1, 2, 3, 4, you counted the digits.
114, from the Sura 1, Sura 2, Sura 3, Sura 4, all the way to Sura 114.
Do you know how many digits?
Dr. Khalifa: 474. You add that.
Abdullah: Why are you adding (unintelligible) 1 and 2 and 3 up to 114 (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That's because you put them next to each other, not adding them.
He's putting them...
Ok. This, this is a by-the-way miracle, you know.
1, 2, 3, 4 all the way to the end of the Quran, 114.
We're putting the digits next to each other.
474 digits and it's a multiple of 19.
So, you put that, you add this to this number which is 25,696. You add 474. Now, we have the biggest number in the world.
And it is out of this Quran.
2, 4, 25, 3, 88, plus 4 is 70
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's about 25,800 numbers, digits.
A woman: So, even if you put...
Dr. Khalifa: That is divisible.
A woman: Can you put it through at the beginning or at the end, or in the middle (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: In the middle, meaning between the last verse and the total number of verses.
If you look on the left side of the circle, you see the asterisk.
And above it, you see the number of verses in Sura Al-Fãtehah, number 1.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
Dr. Khalifa: Followed by the total number of verses in the Sura, which is another 7.
A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, if you put the 1 between the two 7s that you see there, that's the number of the Sura,
A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And you do this in all the Suras, it's, it's divisible.
If you move the number of the Sura and put it at the beginning, so you have 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7
That's divisible.
And if you put the total number of verses at the beginning, so you have 1, 7, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
You still have a divisible number.
So, it sounds like almost a physical impossibility, but it locks, it locks every verse.
Somebody called today and said "how do you know it's only the two verses in Sura 9?"
If you notice that Sura 9 is mentioned here.
If you look at the upper right corner of the circle, it says "total number of verses in Sura 9."
You have to use 127.
This fellow was calling from Louisville, Kentucky, and he said "how do you know it's only the two verses in Sura 9 that violate the code?"
So, I told him, because every single verse, what we see here is every single verse in the Quran is authenticated as Divine from God.
Every single one, except these two.
So, it's just, it is fitting to mention why God swears by the position of the stars that this is a, this is a Quran KARIM.
By the way, Al-Quran Al-Karim has a numerical value that's 684, a multiple of 19.
The numerical value of this, the official name of the Quran, Al-Quran Al-Karim.
Just to change the subject and make it a little bit light-footed.
Do you know how they count the stars?
I'm sure some of you do.
But anyway, they go out in the night and take a picture of the sky.
They just take a picture. They put it in a computer, and they count, the computer will count the number of stars in that area, in that picture.
And there's a formula that tells you what the circumference from the inside of a circle is.
And then, you can, you can tell from this picture
how many are in the whole circumference of the whole sky.
And you do this a hundred times, and then you take the average of the hundred times,
and you have exactly, almost exactly, the number of stars, a billion trillion of them.
And these are the ones that we see.
Because of this, if our, if our sun is in the next galaxy, we will not be able to see it, because it is one of the dim stars.
What we're seeing are only the bright stars.
This is, this is how we counted them.
[56:75] I swear by the positions of the stars.
Because they are in, in perfect position, perfect orbits. They don't crash into one another.
There was something else, I also wanted to mention here.
Dr. Khalifa: I think this is it. Are there any questions?
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad.
Farhad: I'm not sure. If you have two numbers, what is the quantity of (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Farhad: If the pieces are (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Right, right. Now, we have two halves that are divisible by 19.
So, what I'm doing here is just making them into a circle.
Well, the upper half is a multiple of 19, and you have the total number of verses at the end of each Sura.
The lower half is a multiple of 19, and the connecting them has nothing to do with, with anything.
But in the lower half, you have the number of verses at the beginning of every Sura.
If you look on the right side of the circle, look at the right side of the circle at
the big arrow that says "total number of verses in the Quran."
Below that, you see Sura Al-Fãtehah with the total number of verses, which is 7, at the beginning, not at the end.
So, you have 7,1,2,3,4,5,6,7
instead of 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,7.
Both of them are independently divisible by 19. I just put them next to each other.
And it's because the upper half was a discovery by Feroz Karmally in Canada.
And he put, he ended up, he ended up putting the total number of verses in the Quran at the end of the number.
The lower half is Abdullah's discovery, and the total number of verses comes ahead of the Sura.
So, the total number of verses in the Quran fits right there ahead of the whole Quran.
So, I put it in a circle.
Dr. Khalifa: This circle is now obsolete. Great, but obsolete. We have better circles now.
Lisa: It's a sphere.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Yeah. Any other questions?
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Back to Lisa and verse number what?
Lisa: Verse number 88.
[56:88] Thereafter, if he is one close to Me— [56:89] then happiness, flowers, and gardens of bliss.
[56:90] And if he belongs with those on the right— [56:91] then peace to you from those on the right.
[56:92] But if he is one of the [rejecters], the strayers— [56:93] then an abode of retribution— [56:94] and burning Hell.
[56:95] This is the inevitable truth. [56:96] You shall glorify the name of your Lord, the Great.
Verse 88 and 89, actually all of these verses refer back to the, the beginning verses of this
Quran, of this Sura, where it talks about the High Heaven, the Lower Heaven, and Hell.
And we see again in, in 88 how beautiful the Highest Heaven is.
We know, of course, that these are all allegorical descriptions, that God uses allegory because
there is no way that we, in our present states, can even begin to understand really what is in store for us.
But we know from, from the allegory of the Highest Heaven that it is truly bliss.
And that it is wonderful beyond our dreams.
God says that anything we wish for, anything those who are in the Highest Heaven, IN SHAA ALLAH, we'll be there,
anything they wish for and even more.
So, God's grace is even greater than anything we can comprehend or desire, wish for.
And then, those on the right, those in Lower Heaven, for them also it's incredibly beautiful.
And it's peace.
[56:91] peace to you from those on the right.
An incredible, incredible triumph to be among those on the right.
[56:92] But if he is one of the rejectors, strayers— [56:93] then ... retribution— [56:94] and burning Hell.
We know, again, that we, we can't comprehend really the awfulness of Hell.
We have a slight idea because we, we are as far from God as anything in the universe at this point.
And we know how hellish this world is and how awful it is, particularly when you step out of God's Kingdom.
We're, we're incredibly blessed to be in God's Kingdom, IN SHAA ALLAH
But as soon as you step out, you know how, what an incredible hell that is.
And that is nothing compared to the ultimate Hell.
[56:95] This is the inevitable truth. [56:96] You shall glorify the name of your Lord, the Great.
Mã Shã Allãh
Are there any comments or questions on these last verses?
Lisa: This was, this was so beautifully discussed earlier, and, and last week and the week before, because we've had those verses before.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) yeah, go ahead. Who (unintelligible)
A woman: I, I was just (unintelligible) I was just so particularly impressed by the ending, the way you end it beautifully (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The verses 88 and 89 refer to you, you special people.
And I say this with thanking God and God says "speak up of God's blessings on you."
You're very, very rare, fortunate and blessed group of people.
And 90 refers to all the people who died before the age of 40.
It says, as, as
[56:90] And if he belongs with those on the right—
Those people will be very happy
because they will go to the Lower Heaven.
God knew that they deserve, they do not deserve to go to Hell, they deserve to go to the Lower Heaven
because of circumstances that only He knows.
This is why He took them at that... they, they were children that came here to, to perform a function.
They were assigned souls that God knows deserve to go to the Lower Heaven.
Well, they lived until the age of 39 or just before 40, when God takes them at that time
because they, they, had they lived, they would have been swept by circumstances.
Which brings me to a point that I will be talking about, IN SHAA ALLAH, on the, in the Khutba two weeks from today,
IN SHAA ALLAH.
Where very quickly, IBRAHIM, God says "we granted Abraham his understanding, for we were fully aware of him."
Ok. This verse tells you it was not Abraham's intelligence that led him to discover God.
God granted him the understanding, because God knew that Abraham deserved to go to the High Heaven.
And the, the other verse that I wish to share with you is Joseph, when Joseph almost fell for the governor's wife.
And then, God said
[12:24] ... if it were not that he saw a sign from his Lord. ...
then God says
[ 12:24 ] ... We thus divert ... sin ... from him, ...
So, was it, was it Joseph who was so great that he didn't fall in sin, or was it God that protected him from sin?
It was God that protected him from sin.
By the way, the verse goes on and says
إِنَّهُۥ مِنْ عِبَادِنَا ٱلْمُخْلَصِينَ (12:24)
that
[ 12:24 ] ... he was one of our devoted servants.
Because he was one of God's devoted servants, God diverted him from, protected him from sin.
So, what I'm saying is that when, when, when we agreed with Satan billions of years ago,
some of us were swept in the crowd.
To just... And God knew that.
This is what God meant when He said to the angels, the angels said "put them all in Hell." And God said
[2:30] ... "I know what you do not know."
So, God knows that we were swept in the crowd, some of us were swept in the crowd, and do not deserve to go to Hell.
This is why God granted Abraham his understanding.
God granted you the fortune to, to come across the true message, to worship Him alone and upholding His word alone.
It's not because you're clever, or because I'm smart.
It's because apparently God, not apparently, obviously, God knew that some of us were swept
in the crowd somehow, and we agreed with Satan, and we, we deserve the chance to come here to be redeemed.
So, the people who are taken, like Martin Luther King, taken only a few months before his 40th birthday.
Malcolm X, being taken two months before his birthday, his 40th birthday.
And all the other signs that we, we have seen.
In fact, if you look at verse 41, where you're holding the book now, you see 41 is the beginning of Hell.
So, those of you who make the decision, if you look at the previous Sura, verse 41,
and we now, we know from this circle here that these numbers of verses are designed, divinely designed for a reason.
And we, we have all these mathematical proofs.
Once you get into the age of 41, you better be worshipping God alone.
Just a second. I don't wanna forget what I'm saying.
So, had God left Martin Luther King to live beyond the age of 40, he would have been swept,
that's the word that brought me to Friday Khutba two weeks from now.
Whether being swept by his environment and his circumstances into, maybe, mentioning Jesus and things like that,
go along, he was a pastor in a church, church I think, but in his heart, and even vocally,
he never said anything about Jesus.
Not that I heard of, in his vast amount of recordings, he always talked about God.
So, this is why God chose to take him, at that time, to protect him from going beyond
to this number 41, and be swept by his environment and his circumstances into Christianity.
So, he will be like we see here on verse 90.
[56:90] If he belongs with those on the right— [56:91] then peace to you from those on the right.
And you can be sure that God's justice put these people exactly in the right place.
He deserves to be in the Lower Heaven.
When, when Satan made that blasphemy billions of years ago, there were degrees of convictions among us
that, to go from the jinns who completely agreed with Satan, to the majority of humans who
were wishy-washy, they didn't, to some who were swept in the crowd.
And hopefully that's us.
Dr. Khalifa: So, now Kathy has a question.
Kathy: (unintelligible) in verse,
Kathy: I want to go to the earlier verses, I have a question about the conversation from the entire Heaven. It's obvious we are the later generation now.
Dr. Khalifa: We are the first generation.
Kathy: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: You were, you were not here last week, were you? That's what you get for missing a Friday.
Kathy: Yes, it's got...
Kathy: I had one or two episodes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I was just explaining to you why you missed that.
Kathy: Another thing is
Is there gonna be another two generations from this generation of two in the room, yep, the higher generation here?
Kathy: Is this belong to from, just, from the past generations...
Dr. Khalifa: OK, this, you're talking about the very special
group of people who will be the closest to God on the Day of Judgment. They are very special people.
And this will be like when the prophet Muhammad started to preach... Well, let's go to Abraham. Abraham started Islam.
And then, there, there were people who were with him when the others would throw him in the fire.
And then by the time the prophet Muhammad came, they became idol worshippers.
Then, the, the message was renewed by revealing the Quran through the prophet Muhammad.
And he was secretly preaching.
And there were people with him.
Those are very special people. This is the first generation.
And then, Muhammad became victorious and he opened Mecca and all the people in Mecca became believers.
They jumped in the wagon.
But they do not deserve the same credit as the people who were with him when he was being
persecuted and having stones thrown at him and he was cast and called names and persecuted.
Dr. Khalifa: Does this make sense?
Kathy: So, they were...
Dr. Khalifa: So, that, that was a first generation at the time of Abraham, at the time of Muhammad.
And then, ten years ago, Islam was totally corrupted.
There is not a single mosque in the world that upholds the commandment to mention only
the name of God in the mosque, in the worship practices and so on.
And then, God renewed the message with this miracle.
So, now we are a first generation.
And the people who are in this movement, while it is being persecuted and the names and the
insults, and the insults and so on, are very special people.
Now, ten years from now, we will probably have millions, maybe twenty years, fifty years from now.
And everybody will jump in the wagon, but they do not deserve the same credit as you do.
So, we were, these very special people will be multitudes from this generation.
After that, when it is famous and successful and it is the thing to do, they don't deserve the same credit. They will not be in the same rank.
This is what we did last week when you were absent.
Dr. Khalifa: Any... Hossein.
Hossein: The thing dealing with the age 40 and the stuff that is related to the messengers being from the age 40. Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: We don't even know if he was really 40 or not. They didn't have birth certificates, then.
They're just guessing that the prophet was 40 when he was awakened and given the Quran. But it has nothing to do with that.
It is in the Quran, in Sura 46, verse 15, it says, it's what it says. It's based on that.
Any other questions?
Dr. Khalifa: We're back to Lisa and Sura 57.
Lisa: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
[57:1] Glorifying GOD is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is the Almighty, Most Wise.
Everything glorifies God, whether willingly or unwillingly,
because God controls every minute atom and subatomic particle in the universe.
So, physically everything glorifies God.
And everything glorifies God mentally except the human beings, who are absolute idiots.
We, we are the only ones who chose, who accepted the freedom of choice.
And so even our bodies glorify God, but unless we make the conscious choice of worshipping God alone
and accepting and realizing His awesome Omnipotence and, and all of His incredible qualities, we do not, our minds do not glorify God.
[57:2] To Him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth. He controls life and death. He is Omnipotent.
And yet there are those of us who do not glorify Him.
[57:3] He is the First and the Last, the Outermost and Innermost. He is fully aware of all things.
[57:4] He is the One who created the heavens and the earth in six days,* then assumed all authority. He knows everything that enters into the earth, and everything that comes out of it, and everything that descends from the sky, and everything that ascends into it. He is with you wherever you may be. GOD is Seer of everything you do.
He truly is in absolute control of the universes.
This verse to me expresses it very, very clearly and very, very beautifully.
Verse 5,
[57:5] To Him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth. God is in full control of all things.
These verses again and again are saying absolutely what we've been saying, that God does everything.
And yet it is so hard for us to accept that.
I mean, you can hear it and you can say "yes", but then, you know, you get, you get sidetracked.
"Oh, if I don't take my vitamins, I'm gonna get sick."
You aren't gonna get sick unless you deserve to get sick.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't take your vitamins, because God, you know, God has given us the vitamins, given us the medicine.
But we have to remember that God is the One who is controlling everything, who is doing everything.
God controls our bosses. God controls our neighbors. God controls our spouses. He controls not only the physical things,
He controls the emotions, the hearts and the minds of those around us and of us.
As Rashad pointed out so beautifully, God bestowed on Abraham his righteous..., his understanding.
Well, God says very clearly that He bestows on all of us our righteousness. It's not us. It's not ours.
We, you know, God gives it to us.
He controls our hearts and our minds
if we make that one choice. The only thing we really control is that one choice of whether we worship God alone or not.
And once we've made that decision, He goes from there. He takes it from there.
And there are a lot of verses that talk about God misguiding those who disbelieve.
Well, they've made that choice to disbelieve, and He helps them along in that choice.
Those who believe, He helps them along in that choice.
And each and every one of us, I know, have experienced that, that very thing of, of God giving us strong signs. We've made a decision.
Okay, we've repented. We've made a decision. And suddenly, God, I mean, just showers us with, with strong reassurance.
It's there because we made the choice, but God is the One who's giving it to us.
Lisa: All we can really do is to make that choice.
A man: I was wondering if God grants righteousness after we've passed the test, and become a little bit more enduring, or what?
A man: I know like prophet Joseph was a man, and Joseph said on his deathbed, he said "Thank God, I've been granted righteousness" to contribute to his success.
Lisa: Yeah.
A man: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: I know
The messenger: This helps.
A woman and a group of children: As each little rabbit had each last bag, remembering God should be first on our mind.
We know that everywhere our eyes can see, there are God's creation and signs to observe.
So, when you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
Think of God as you go through each day, appreciate His Power, or His Mercy and Grace.
We must remember God, so God remembers us.
Every moment that you can, remember God, remember God.
And when you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
When you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
A woman and a group of children: In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
Dr. Khalifa: Is that it?
Ok. Well, I missed the beginning of it, I want you to do it maybe from the beginning.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a long day. Everybody is listening.
A woman: Ok. Can you guys sing a little louder? (unintelligible)
A woman and a group of children: As each little rabbit had each last bag, remembering God should be first on our mind.
We know that everywhere our eyes can see, there are God's creation and signs to observe.
So, when you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
Think of God as you go through each day, appreciate His power, His Mercy and Grace.
We must remember God, so God remembers us.
Every moment that you can, remember God, remember God.
And when you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
When you see a flower, say "Mã Shã Allãh."
To plan something tomorrow, say "IN SHAA ALLAH."
Before you start at anything, say "Bismillah."
In everything you try to think, say "Alhamdu Lillah."
Dr. Khalifa: And we're supposed to say "Mã Shã Allãh."
Dr. Khalifa: Congratulations. Ok.