Dr. Khalifa: ... in this country.
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakt: Salãmun ‘Alaykum. Salãmun ‘Alaykum. (Unintelligible).
Isamil Barakat: Al-Roshd, you take it and spread it out all over the place.
Behrouz: Rashad jan, (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat: He won't let me speak.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. 218. Page 218.
Ismail Barakat: How about 228? Let's make it a complete set of numbers. Dr. Khalifa: Then, open it at random.
Dr. Khalifa: This is right?
Ismail Barakat: You read...
Dr. Khalifa: He's a member of the Quranic study, Fajr Quranic study group.
Dr. Khalifa: Look.
A man: Then, worries.
Dr. Khalifa: He laughs.
Emily: (unintelligible) laughing
Ismail Barakat: And he just sits there and reads, yeah?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. He follows us. He asks questions sometimes.
Emily: Like "where is my breakfast?"
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: I think the person who's answering, Emily, she understands his language.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, she speaks cattish.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible) that.
Dr. Khalifa: You know, Ismail lowered his volume, his voice, yesterday. But still,
Behrouz woke up and came here to say "what's happened?"
5 minutes after Ismail arrived, Behrouz comes.
Emily: There was somebody in there, but I thought it was him, I thought maybe this was a fight about something.
Dr. Khalifa: And that was when you were in your apartment, right?
Emily: No.
Dr. Khalifa: No?!
Emily: No, I was talking to (unintelligible).
Ismail Barakat: Right. You see, I shouted from the other end when, then you got the message on your recording.
Dr. Khalifa: You know, in Iran, the first commandment is that you must be in a state of grief
Ismail Barakat: Yes, I know.
Dr. Khalifa: continuously, and Behrouz recording our meetings, so far, there's nothing but laughing.
Behrouz: Alhamdu Lillah
Dr. Khalifa: About the cats.
Ismail Barakat: What do they do when they meet each other? Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: The first thing "Ah, it's nice to meet you." [mocking cry]
Ismail Barakat: "Oh great." [mocking cry]
Mahmood Abib: Yeah. You didn't hear, you didn’t hear about the Ayatollah. What Ayatollah does. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: They...
Mahmood Abib: Behrouz will tell you.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes, that, that was funny.
Dr. Khalifa: Bet you're gonna see this. Khomeini, Khomeini is always serious in public and the people (unintelligible). When he goes to room, what does he do?
Ismail Barakat: He breaks out.
Behrouz: But he always used to sit up there and go like this, yeah go like that and then as soon as he goes to his room, he goes...
Ismail Barakat: Because he kept telling me "come over, come over", and I say, "well, you know, I'm too busy. I'm (unintelligible)"
Dr. Khalifa: So, he only, the only reason he came in because I told him "suppose you have a heart attack and die
"right now, who's gonna take care of the office?"
Dr. Khalifa: He said "yeah, you're right." I said "OK, consider yourself dead." And then he's coming here. I mean, this is...
Ismail Barakat: In fact, that's what I told Carl. I told him "if anybody asks, say "he kicked the bucket."
Dr. Khalifa: He's right.
Ismail Barakt: He died. I don’t know when he's coming back.
Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
The Truth Prevails
[10:79] Pharaoh said, "Bring to me every experienced magician."
[10:80] When the magicians came, Moses said to them, "Throw whatever you are going to throw."
[10:81] When they threw, Moses said, "What you have just produced is magic, GOD will nullify it. GOD does not support the transgressors' work."
[10:82] GOD establishes the truth with His words, despite the criminals.
[10:83] The only ones who believed with Moses were a few of his people, in spite of fearing the tyranny of Pharaoh and his elders. Surely, Pharaoh was much too arrogant on earth, a real tyrant.
[10:84] Moses said, "O my people, if you have really believed in GOD, then put your trust in Him, if you are Muslims."
[10:85] They said, "We trust in GOD. Our Lord, save us from the persecution of these unjust people.
[10:86] "Deliver us, with Your mercy, from the disbelieving people."
[10:87] We inspired Moses and his brother. "Maintain your homes in Egypt for the time being, turn your homes into sanctuaries, and observe the Contact Prayers (Salat). Give good news to the believers."
[10:88] Moses said, "Our Lord, You have given Pharaoh and his elders luxuries and wealth in this world. ...
[10:88] ... Our Lord, [the Saudis] only use them to repulse others from Your path. Our Lord, wipe out their wealth, and harden their hearts to prevent them from believing, until they see the painful retribution."
By the way, Muhammad Bin Jafar did some investigations on Eric and they found the telephone number that he had in his briefcase
Dr. Khalifa: was the Saudi embassy in Paris.
Behrouz: Wow
Dr. Khalifa: Yep. Just like we suspected. I should've called Ihsan. I will, definitely.
He just sent me a letter very nice. Will he, will he be very nice to a person who kicked him out, in that way? So, they spy.
Dr. Khalifa: 89
Behrouz: Well, he missed the million dollars.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: So, all the signs were that, that, that of a spy because he always complained about business is bad,
Dr. Khalifa: he's running out of money, he's very poor, he sleeps in a small room with a tiny bed, and things like that, then he flies to Switzerland.
A woman: Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: He must be an accountant. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: an accountant.
Behrouz: Well, at first glance, he had a small room.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, because the Saudis not only pay for his flights, that's what they do. Too much money. 89.
[10:89] God said, "Your prayer has been answered (O Moses and Aaron), ...
This means "your" is directed to two people.
[10:89] ... so be steadfast, and do not follow the ways of those who do not know."
[10:90] We delivered the Children of Israel across the sea. Pharaoh and his troops pursued them, aggressively and sinfully. ...
[10:90] ... When drowning became a reality for him, he said, "I believe that there is no god except the One in whom the Children of Israel have believed; I am a Muslim."
[10:91] "Too late! For you have rebelled in the past. You have been wicked.
[10:92] "Today, we will preserve your body, to set you up as a lesson for future generations." Yet, many people are totally heedless to our signs.
Some important lessons you learn from here, first of all, imagine yourself
your self, you, running away and somebody was running after you. And then, you hit shore of the ocean,
but God is with you. So, what will happen?
God will send a helicopter or something.
This is what happened to the Children of Israel. They're weak. An army of Pharaoh is following them and they hit
this, the Red Sea, but God delivered them across the Red Sea. This shows you God's time. Some smart-alecky, he's a geologist,
Dr. Khalifa: explained that this is possible, geologically, because the rocks will move this way and this way and the water will part.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You'll have...
You'll have dry land between the waters,
Dr. Khalifa: but he forgot a minor detail. Why did this happen when Moses and his people
Dr. Khalifa: were standing right there? Ismail Barakat: at that, at that specific instance?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, right.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: And it might take years for the rocks to do what he's talking about.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Mahmood Abib: And how come it didn't happen again?
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Why, why on that, that moment?
A man: The shape of...
Dr. Khalifa: Best of timing. Yes. Even that is great.
Behrouz: We used listen to Rock and Roll music (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Really. So, this tells you and me, I mean, if we are
believers, we must trust in God that there is no obstacle or problem. Sura 72
فَمَن يُؤْمِنۢ بِرَبِّهِۦ فَلَا يَخَافُ بَخْسًۭا وَلَا رَهَقًۭا (72:13)
Those who believe in their Lord shall fear no injustice and no suffering. None.
We must have confidence... we read before yesterday, or the day before
Dr. Khalifa: how God told Moses mother, if you're afraid, throw him in the river.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, I know. It takes, it takes YA'NI (meaning),
Dr. Khalifa: put yourself
Ismail Barakat: in that position where you are told "you have faith." And you're told to throw your baby in the water.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: Subhan Allah. She must have... but Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala says that He strengthened her heart.
Dr. Khalifa: That was later, you see, because she did also (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Yep. Because, for me, I would say "hold it."
Dr. Khalifa: "Hey, wait a minute."
Ismail Barakat: "Anybody else up there?"
Ismail Barakat: Astaghfirullah. I hope this never happens to me. You say, you say things, like, you have to get tested.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, well, you already gave yourself a test.
Ismail Barakat: Huh?
Dr. Khalifa: You already gave yourself a test. Ismail Barakat: Astaghfirullah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: I have to go through that?
Dr. Khalifa: You have to repent. No, you already did it. And you flunked. You said "if it were me..."
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I, I have told all the
Dr. Khalifa: folks here not to even answer a question like that. Don't put yourself in those positions. Ismail Barakat: I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know,
Ismail Barakat: So, this is why I've...
Dr. Khalifa: This is why you're in Tucson.
Ismail Barakat: How do we, how do we think this back?
Mahmood Abib: Cause the angel's here.
Dr. Khalifa: We repent. We say...
Ismail Barakat: Astaghfirullah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Mahmood Abib: The angel is here, you know. Take it seriously.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause Satan tried to mimic God's voice, like he did it to Abraham, and tell you to go to the highest building in Vancouver and jump.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, but if He says that, I'll tell Him "no."
Dr. Khalifa: I'm just telling you. God is saying that.
Ismail Barakat: I still tell Him "no." Because God will not, God, God will not order me to do...
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. Because of the law. God says
Dr. Khalifa: God does not advocate...
Ismail Barakat: Al-Fahsha (ٱلْفَحْشَآءِ)
Dr. Khalifa: إِنَّ ٱللَّهَ لَا يَأْمُرُ بِٱلْفَحْشَآءِ (7:28)
God does not advocate things like that.
Say, get away you, Satan you.
Behrouz: Actually, it was a test for Moses' mother, too.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, of course.
Dr. Khalifa: She was a believer, as stated in the Quran. The other lesson is...
Ismail Barakat: Hold on Al-Roshd. Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala didn't just tell her to dump him in the river.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: He said...
Dr. Khalifa: We will make him a messenger.
Ismail Barakat: لَا تَخَافِى وَلَا تَحْزَنِىٓ ۖ إِنَّا رَآدُّوهُ إِلَيْكِ وَجَاعِلُوهُ مِنَ ٱلْمُرْسَلِينَ (28:7)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Hey, you're memorizing the Quran now.
Ismail Barakat: Wallahi, I'm not memorizing, just this one.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. This is what I'm saying.
This is what I'm saying.
Dr. Khalifa: When I met this guy, he didn't know a letter from the Quran. Ismail Barakat: So, (unintelligible) I think...
Ismail Barakat: I think that's what I said. Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: She got, she got a lot of...
Dr. Khalifa: I should have, I should have recorded you before and after. Even his Arabic was broken, you know.
Mahmood Abib: It's recorded.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. That's right.
The second great lesson that we learn from here is that Pharaoh died a believer. He really was a believer,
but he didn’t have time to develop his soul. This is why 91 says
[10:91] "Too late!* ...
This is very important and this is consistent in the Quran. It says, on the Day of Judgement, it will not benefit
any believing soul its belief if it did not gain from its belief by developing the soul.
لَمْ تَكُنْ ءَامَنَتْ ... أَوْ كَسَبَتْ فِىٓ إِيمَـٰنِهَا خَيْرًۭا (6:158)
In a soul that did not believe and earn from the belief, this growth and development which is
Dr. Khalifa: the 5 prayers, the fasting of Ramadan, commemorating God most of the day, etc. etc.
Behrouz: If, if he would have, I mean, died...
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Behrouz: And
Behrouz: astray again.
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Behrouz: If he wouldn't die... Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause he was supposed to die right there.
Behrouz: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: But no, but he really believed. He really believed.
Ismail Barakat: Well, with this kind of evidence who wouldn't believe, of course.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, really, I mean, he's dying.
Ismail Barakat: Even Rasool would.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. It's too late.
In fact, this is what they all say at the time of death "just send me back. I'll do better." But this is after the angles beat them up,
you know, and they discover they were wrong.
Dr. Khalifa: However, Pharaoh said it.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, because the angels got him.
When, when drowning became imminent.
And the third big lesson is in 92 that tells us that God's miracle of preserving
Dr. Khalifa: Pharaoh's body. Have you seen his body in the...? Did you go to mummies' room at the museum?
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, I (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Did you see that? Ismail Barakat: Bloody awful.
Dr. Khalifa: Bloody awful? Why?
Ismail Barakat: It is, it's awful
Ismail Barakat: I'd much rather disappear than look like that.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, I see, yeah, but I mean the room itself, it's, it's, you enjoyed visiting it or were you...?
Ismail Barakat: Wallahi, there is, there is a...
Dr. Khalifa: freaked out. How old were you?
Ismail Barakat: No, I, I took Polaroid of it.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, oh, that's it. I bet you enjoyed it.
Ismail Barakat: Well, you know, partly because there is an, an aura of death and despair and, and, and, and what's the word I'm looking for.
Dr. Khalifa: Awe.
Ismail Barakat: in, in the, in that room.
Isamil Barakat: It's, you're, you're happy to be out of it.
Dr. Khalifa: If you are to ask, we enjoyed it. Because Stephanie loved it.
Ismail Barakat: No, no.
Dr. Khalifa: Sammy got a kick out of it.
Isamil Barakat: Yeah, I would imagine Sammy would.
Behrouz: How did it look like? How did the body look like?
Dr. Khalifa: Dried up, dried up bodies.
Dr. Khalifa: They uncovered the faces of some of them. You can see the teeth and the hair.
A woman: Really?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. They just dried up, slightly freeze dried human human blood.
Ismail Barakat: Yep.
Behrouz: And with the skin and everything?
Dr. Khalifa: The skin is, no, it's all dried up.
Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat: It's...
Dr. Khalifa: Don't be afraid. Ismail Barakat: Like leather.
Mahmood Abib: Yeah. Emily: I know it's...
Dr. Khalifa: Don't be afraid.
Behrouz: But are they sure, are you sure that that's him? Dr. Khalifa: I think they (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They're sure Pharaoh, yes. Cause they had salt in...
Isamil Barakat: Ramses? Ramses.
The messenger: Not Ramses. Merneptah.
Ismail Barakat: They, because everybody identifies this Pharaoh as Ramses. Dr. Khalifa: Merneptah.
Ismail Barakat: Ramses II. Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: No, it's not Ramses. It's...
Isamil Barakat: Although the, the most, I saw Ramses. I didn't see anybody else. Cause he is the one...
Ismail Barakat: at least that is the one I know. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, (unintelligible) very well, yeah.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, that's the one I...
Dr. Khalifa: They took him to Paris (unintelligible).
Ismail Barakat: Because it was rotting.
Dr. Khalifa: He was, he was ill.
Ismail Barakat: He was rotting.
A woman: took him to a dermatologist.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: Is it, you know, they, they, when they, when they took him there, they, when he arrived, they fired the 21-gun salute.
Ismail Barakat: ‌Yep. Because he is a king after all.
A woman: How interesting!
Ismail Barakat: Yep. Dr. Khalifa: I don't know...
Ismail Barakat: There was a military guard of honor and they fired the 21-gun salute.
Dr. Khalifa: Wow.
Dr. Khalifa: He was a very important king.
Ismail Barakat: He was a king. That's right. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: He was rotting. He was sick.
Dr. Khalifa: Did you hear the joke about this statue getting tired because it is standing up?
Ismail Barakat: Standing up for what? 4000 years? There must be something going on. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: No, but in, in Cairo standing up in
Ismail Barakat: in the middle of the
Dr. Khalifa: railway station.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, and he's peeing on the people.
Dr. Khalifa: This is what Sammy used to say. Because there's a fountain of water coming under him.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why Ismail Barakat: That's what they (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Sammy was only 3 years old. He said "Ramses is going wee wee."
Ismail Barakat: And on all these people.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
Ismail Barakat: And on these people.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Every time, he never failed every time we passed by it,
he says "Ramses is going wee wee." Yeah, this is what he used to say when going to the bathroom. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: "I wanna go wee wee." But, you know, "Ramses is going wee wee."
Ismail Barakat: What's, what's...
Dr. Khalifa: So, the joke is that he, he told the prime minister
"I'm getting tired of this (unintelligible) sitting down and stuff, camels and a horse, this and that
"from standing up, I'm getting tired. So, get me a horse or something." So, the prime minister thought
it was a very serious matter. So, he went and talked to the president, Mubarak. And then Mubarak said
"well, let's answer to him personally." So, here comes the prime minister with Hosni Mubarak (unintelligible)
"I said a horse, not a bald donkey."
"coming back with a donkey."
Dr. Khalifa: In Arabic, it's much funnier.
Ismail Barakat: No, it's equally funny.
Dr. Khalifa: In English, too.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they, before we close here because we have to let the people who work go to work.
Dr. Khalifa: You don't go to work, right? A woman: (unintelligible)
Mahmood Abib: It's 91?
Dr. Khalifa: 92.
Ismail Barakat: It's a good excuse to go late.
Dr. Khalifa: So, 92 says
[10:92] "Today, we will preserve your body, to set you up as a lesson for future generations."* ...
And there is an asterisk here.
The footnote of 92 says... excuse me.
*10:92 God endowed the Egyptians with the exclusive knowledge of mummification. Today, Pharaoh's mummified body is on display at the Cairo Museum.
This is really profound because they, I mean, only in that era, that period of time that they were mummifying
Dr. Khalifa: the bodies and look what God is saying. The Arabs had no idea about this.
Ismail Barakat: The Arabs? They had no idea about anything.
Dr. Khalifa: about anything...
Ismail Barakat: They never change.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause it says
[10:92] "Today, we will preserve your body, ...
See?
(10:92) فَٱلْيَوْمَ نُنَجِّيكَ بِبَدَنِكَ
[10:92] ... your body, ...
God is saying. We're gonna preserve your body to be a lesson for future generations.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes, yes. Ok. Tell her to have a bon voyage. Are these your stuff?
Behrouz: Yes. I'll be back.
Dr. Khalifa: You're taking your wife to the airport, right? Behrouz: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, oh, oh, you're picking breakfast. Behrouz: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: OK. Hurry up. Susan and Lisa. Thank you, Behrouz.
Behrouz: Did someone turn on the, the...?
Dr. Khalifa: turn on the oven? Behrouz: Oven.
Behrouz: That's right.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Behrouz: Be right back.
Dr. Khalifa: I'll open this door for you.
Dr. Khalifa: I will open this for you. Behrouz: Yes. Good, good.
Dr. Khalifa: OK. Ask Isamil any questions you want.
Little cat said.
"Ok, guys, if you don't wanna wait (unintelligible)
"Sure I'm slow, but you should have some patience."
Dr. Khalifa: "After all we have nothing to do. I have the easy mission."
Mahmood Abib: Little cat come here. Little cat. Oh, no...
Mahmood Abib: Oh, it's not.
Dr. Khalifa: No, it's going for the lap (unintelligible) Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: He's trying over lap.
Dr. Khalifa: He sits there, especially.
Emily: Probably, you have to sit there so he can crawl.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Lydia: Yeah, you invited it.
A woman: Now, he's looking at (unintelligible) over there.
Mahmood Abib: Ok.
A woman: Some people (unintelligible) like, it's not for me. Goodbye. You can come back now.
Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) this. Ok, little cat. Little cat.
Dr. Khalifa: He's investigating, investigating the surroundings.
Dr. Khalifa: "Sure, I'm slow, but you should have some patience."
Mahmood Abib: "No."
Dr. Khalifa: You know, I have a lap computers.
Dr. Khalifa: And he was ahead of his age he's a lap cat.
Lydia: There's a command that I give my dogs, but...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah?
Lydia: (unintelligible)
Lydia: When, when, no, when Dinky picks something up and I tell her to laugh and she gets up under my leg and that's what she do with me.
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh.
Mahmood Abib: What happened?
Dr. Khalifa: What type is it that change and grows to 300 pounds?
Lydia: I hope, God willing, that never happens. I think she's done her growing unless I make her fat.
Lydia: But IN SHAA ALLAH, I think she's growing.
Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيم
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
[23:1] Successful indeed are the believers;
[23:2] who are reverent during their Contact Prayers (Salat).
[23:3] And they avoid vain talk.
[23:4] And they give their obligatory charity (Zakat).
[23:5] And they maintain their chastity.
[23:6] Only with their spouses, or those who are rightfully theirs, ...
as in common law marriages,
[23:6] ... do they have sexual relations; they are not blamed.
[23:7] Those who transgress these limits are the sinful ones.
[23:8] When it comes to deposits entrusted to them, they are trustworthy. And they honor their agreements.
[23:9] And they observe their Contact Prayers (Salat) regularly.
See, how important the Prayers are? They're repeated twice.
The beginning of reverence in the Prayer, and here to regularity of the Prayers.
Dr. Khalifa: The latest miracle of the Contact Prayers is: 17171717171715. It's a multiple of 19. So, if you miss one,
Dr. Khalifa: it's gonna be 17171617171715, it's not a multiple of 19. Lydia: It's not a normal Prayer.
Lydia: How many do you need to miss then if you miss one so you can make a multiple?
Mahmood Abib: will not be 16.
Dr. Khalifa: We need to do research on that. Lydia: I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding.
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, it's a very interesting question.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
Mahmood Abib: If you miss Maghrib, it will be
Mahmood Abib: 14 Dr. Khalifa: 14
Mahmood Abib: If you missed any other one, it will be
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Mahmood Abib: therefore, should be 13. And if you miss, Fajr, it will be 15.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Mahmood Abib: So, it's not 16, not 16, never 16.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I know.
Mahmood Abib: 13.
Dr. Khalifa: 12.
Mahmood Abib: 13.
Dr. Khalifa: Like, Edip joined us but he forgot one Rak'at, so it became 16.
Mahmood Abib: Oh.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, I reminded him. Mahmood Abib: Yeah, that, that time, too.
Dr. Khalifa: Were you here?
Mahmood Abib: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh.
Dr. Khalifa: Who was here?
A woman: I was.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, Edip joined us after one Rak'at but he forgot that...
Mahmood Abib: That he came, oh...
Dr. Khalifa: So, if, if we all forgot, it would be over 16. So, 16 is possible.
Mahmood Abib: 16 is possible. It sure is. It is.
Dr. Khalifa: It's really amazing. It's such simple, simple mathematically, I mean, this is now covering every aspect of the Prayer,
the number of Ruku's, the number of Sujuds, the number of Tashahuds.
number 9,
[23:9] And they observe their Contact Prayers (Salat) regularly.
number 10,
[23:10] Such are the inheritors.
[23:11] They will inherit Paradise, wherein they abide forever.
And then, there is a report of accurate embryology.
12, this is what Behrouz was asking about yesterday.
[23:12] We created the human being from a special kind of mud.
This is the initial creation.
[23:13] Subsequently, we reproduced him from a tiny drop, that is placed into a well protected repository.
[23:14] Then we developed the drop into a hanging (embryo), then developed the hanging (embryo) into a bite-size (fetus), ...
Maybe "a bite-size" is not (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Somebody... was it you?
A man: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: The bite? Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: I think that would be a good translation for that.
Behrouz: Computer has a bite.
Dr. Khalifa: The fanatic Muslims say it looks like something you, you bit, complete with teeth marks.
Mahmood Abib: No, it's not tiny.
A woman: It's talking about its size, yes.
Mahmood Abib: Tiny fetus.
Dr. Khalifa: Not really.
Dr. Khalifa: Smaller. Yeah.
A woman: Tiny. Dr. Khalifa: Small fetus, tiny fetus.
Mahmood Abib: What stage is that? The, see, the first 14 days, the egg and still...
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. This is like 2 months. Mahmood Abib: its shape.
Mahmood Abib: 2 months. 2 months is when the
Mahmood Abib: curve lines and the shape, but we cannot tell which animal it is.
Mahmood Abib: All animals are the same at that stage. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Mahmood Abib: All Dr. Khalifa: Is that right?
Mahmood Abib: All animals are (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
[23:14] ... into a bite-size (fetus), then created the bite-size (fetus) into bones, then covered the bones with flesh. Then, produced a new creature. Most blessed is GOD, the best Creator.
Dr. Khalifa: It's one of the amazing things that we witnessed everyday, of course (unintelligible), remember?
A woman: Of course, like (unintelligible) yesterday.
Dr. Khalifa: I love your reaction to my question. Such supportive sister. Like yesterday, seems like yesterday.
Mahmood Abib: When we,
When we are born, that's when assigned a soul. A soul was came from the world of souls, comes to you.
Mahmood Abib: Then, how come we don't remember at that stage (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Because that's not the only time you don't remember. Remember when you were a year and a half and your mom spanked you?
Mahmood Abib: No, no, that's what I mean. The first 2 years, probably 3 years.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Because there's a capacity of memory in your brain.
Lydia: You're thinking of a human (unintelligible) we have to deal with it as a human, your brain's (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You need to add memory cards, if you want to remember everything.
Dr. Khalifa: Some hardware. Mahmood Abib: So, the soul, the soul needs
Mahmood Abib: some other tools. Yes, yes, like the brain. Dr. Khalifa: The physical.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. But the soul uses this physical body to grow,
this wild horse. As you, as you do more important things, other things are pushed away out of your memory.
Dr. Khalifa: But actually, they never go away.
Dr. Khalifa: You know of the subconscious? Mahmood Abib: They never go away.
Mahmood Abib: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: what they call.
It goes into a storage, like the tapes that Lisa plays back and forth. It's that storage, memory.
But you know, really we were just one cell. Each one of us was one cell and differentiated,
divided and differentiated into a difference, kidneys and livers, hearts, lungs. One cell, nose, eyes.
Look at the eye, how the eyes move.
Such sleepy eyes.
Some bright eyes.
It's a ball with pressure with liquid inside that is precise. The pressure is precise.
If it's a little bit more, the eyes will bug out,
like Barbara Bush.
I mean, it's, I mean, slightly, if it's slightly less, it's a problem.
A woman: She has, what, Graves' disease?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: That's, that's her thyroid.
Dr. Khalifa: It's caused by the thyroid at that point. A woman: Yeah.
A woman: Just talked about that memory storage, even to the beginning of life?
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
A woman: Because I do remember though.
Dr. Khalifa: It's all there.
Lydia: On the Day of Resurrection, you can, you can fast forward and rewind, but I...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, as you get more things, and other things are pushed down into subconscious, the storage.
Dr. Khalifa: Everything is there. Actually, it's out there in the atmosphere, and every voice, every picture.
A woman: And the angels have the recordings.
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
A woman: So, the angels (unintelligible)
A woman: And I would've thought the angels were being strung to, to my body, but then
I realized and all because my heart pumps, when all those things happen, by the will of God, so the angels must be involved in it.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, it's a mechanism. I couldn't turn the car engine on, if there is no engine to ride. There's a mechanism.
A woman: I think we might...
Dr. Khalifa: There's a gas, there's a fuel pump.
Lydia: If your car starts, there's an angel there.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. As a matter of fact, when our cars break down, when the mechanism fails, then God provides another mechanism, which is your angel.
A woman: Uhum.
Dr. Khalifa: But there is a mechanism, when the, when the starter works, and the fuel pump pumps fuel into the
Dr. Khalifa: the pistons, and then they spark, and fire. It's always a, there's something. So, this is the way our body works.
A woman: I guess (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Subhan Allah.
A woman: I, I was trying to make the connection between the recording angels and the video tape.
Dr. Khalifa: This is simplifying it, a dramatization.
A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: This, like, the heart is an incredible pump. We have the heart pump by itself.
I think still, you know, recently...
you know, when (unintelligible)
Don't feel bad about it.
This is, this is their function. They are happy about it.
Dr. Khalifa: Because if you take the heart by itself, you can have it work properly. In fact, the heart transplant doctors could do that.
Behrouz: Exactly. Exactly right. Back in Huston, I was working in hospital. The guy I was peered with was Iranian and...
Dr. Khalifa: ...10, 15 college students came here.
And Edip spoke to them from, from Pima College.
And he explained to them the miracle,
that there's a message from God to the world and gave them all the details they wanted about an hour and a half.
He wanted them to ask questions and he told them "we have a Quranic study tonight. So, would you, if you have
"any questions, you can come and discuss the matter further", but they never showed up, not but one. Not one of them
showed up. We have high school kids. And he presents the miracle to them, give them details, but there is no response.
And we're just wondering what is wrong with the people. Here, here's a message from God, proven to
be from God, it tells us who we are, why we are here, where we're going and how to attain perfect happiness
now and forever, but they're just like... they're under hypnosis. Nothing moves them.
And we're just wandering. It's, it's a kind of amazing phenomenon. So, we are working on, on simplifying this and
working on ways and means of perfecting the message and how to present it to the people to motivate them,
make them realize that there is a message from God, the first physical evidence in history, and
all the benefits that follow from this.
So, I'm going to share with you these simple but powerful facts.
They're very simple to understand, simple to present and simple to appreciate. And hopefully this, we will perfect the
message somehow. So, what I'm going to talk with you today is just the word "God" in the Quran.
It's a very simple, very simple matter. There's a scripture from God. The most important word in it
is the word "God." I'm gonna look just at that which is only one millionth of the, of the total miracle.
OK. Number one: the occurrence of the word "God"
in the whole book. All of you know this. 2698.
19 x 142.
Ok. Then, you take every verse in the Quran wherever you see the word "God",
and it is very simple as you see, and add the numbers of these verses,
ok, all the verses in the Quran that have the word
"God" in them, just add the, their numbers. They give you 118123.
19 x 6127.
You know, this alone really, this alone tells us that this book is from God. It is not human-made.
Who designed this?
And I have gone through length to show you how we, college graduates, are, are unable
to keep track of these. I mean, the message is already here, it's already written down. It's in front of us,
but we're having a heck of a time keeping track of the, the words and the sentences.
And we keep screening mistakes. It's very simple. Sometimes we just reverse 3 2, make it 23,
when we count or when we add. But this alone proves that the book is from God.
OK. Next.
This is a new discovery by Mahmood Abib.
Now that we see there's 19 as a common denominator,
he looked at all the verses in the Quran that are number 19 or multiples of 19,
and counted the word "God" in them. Very simple process.
These are the 19 multiples verses.
So, he looks at Sura Al-Baqarah, number 2,
looks at verse number 19 and, and counts the number of the word "God" in it.
Then, goes to verse number 38, number 57 and so on. And he did this in the whole Quran.
The word "God" in those verses 133.
Nobody in the whole world knows except the believers, know this.
This is a new discovery. It's been already faxed to India, Canada and some other places.
As soon as these things come up, we have a fax machine now, and it's... everything is faxed around the world.
But anyway so, now, we carry this miracle one step further.
And it shows the more intricacy of the miracle.
It should convince anybody that we have a book from God. But the word "God" is very
important. So, it doesn't stop here.
The next item, the sum of all the occurrences of the word "God"
in the verses whose numbers are not multiples of 19, it follows.
19, not-multiple verses.
Dr. Khalifa: And it only follows from that. It's 117990.
Edip: It's a mathematical property.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. "This is a mathematical property" says Edip.
Even though it is a mathematical property, I was, I was oblivious to it for a while, then I said
"yeah, since the verses that are multiples of 19 have a multiple of 19 number words of "God"
"then it follows, you just subtract this from this and you have that." But it still is an important fact for us
to remember even though it is a mathematical property. It doesn't stop here.
The Suras whose number of verses is divisible by 19, this also is a new discovery by Mahmood Abib,
the Suras whose number of verses is divisible by 19, that is any Sura that has 19 verses or 38 verses,
there are only these 2 kinds. There are Suras number 47 which it has 38 verses, Sura 82 which has 19 verses,
Sura 87, 19 verses and Sura 96 consists of 19 verses. The word "God" occurs in these
Suras 27 times, one time, one time and one time, respectively.
By adding these Sura numbers plus the occurrence of the word "God", the total is 342. So, Suras'
first occurrences
342, 19 x 18.
These are all the Suras in the Quran that consist of a number of verses that is divisible
by 19, and again we are counting the word "God" in them.
The next item
Take care to erase number 1 here.
This is just the word "God."
Number 6.
Ok. The first set of Quranic initials is, as you know, A.L.M. in chapter 2,
we get to A.L.M. The last initial is in chapter 68.
It's a, it's a natural division in the Quran. Let's call this the initialed section from Sura 2 to Sura 68,
and count the word "God" in it. Sure enough, it's a multiple of 19. Initialed section,
from the first initialed Sura to the last initialed Sura. The number of the word "God" is
Dr. Khalifa: 2641.
Ismail Barakat: 139.
Dr. Khalifa: 139.
Now, these are physical facts. It is nobody's opinion. Nobody can say
"in my opinion, the number, the number of occurrences of the word "God" in the initiated section of the Quran is 2641."
Nobody can say that. It's a physical fact just like the sun rises from the east.
Nobody can argue about it.
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe, the Arabs do.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, they do, they do always.
Dr. Khalifa: It follows since the total in the whole Quran is
a multiple of 19, it follows that outside the initialed section,
the number of occurrences of the word "God" is 57, 19 x 3. Not only that, you take those 57 occurrences
outside the initialed section, add the Suras and verses, the total, yes, it's a multiple of 19.
And now, we have interlocking the word "God" with the last two sentences in Sura 9.
As you know, they are fake.
The idol worshipers were trying, were trying to honor the, the prophet Muhammad in the
same way as the Christians try to honor Jesus. They made up those two verses.
So, Sura 9 is either
129 verses, as we inherited from the fabricators. Or now, we know it is 127.
Which one is it? The word "God" gives us a clue. Because if you take all the Suras whose number of verses ends with the digit 9,
just look at the whole Quran and take all the Suras where, where the number
of verses end with this digit, 9, and count the word "God" in them, without Sura 9.
Let us assume that the, the, the right number is 127. Well, you can include it if you want, but if you include Sura 9 in the,
in this group, the number of the word "God" is not divisible which tells us this is the wrong number
of verses. If you put 127, it is, it is divisible.
Let me, let me... it's stronger than that.
The Suras that end with the digit 9 are Suras number 10, 15, 29, 43, 44, 48, 52, 57, 81, 82, 87, 96 and 104.
They consist of 109 verses, 99 verses 69, 89, 59, 29, 49, 29, 29, 19, 19, 19 and 9. So, you can see that all of them
have a number of verses that ends with the digit 9. When you count the word "God" in these, you have 190.
19 x 10.
Now, look in the Quran and take all the Suras in the Quran
whose number of digits, verses ends with the digit 7, including Sura 9, and these are Suras number
Sura number 1 is 7 verses, as you know. 1, 9, which is 127, 25, 26, 45, 86, and 107. Their number of verses are 7, 127, 77,
227, 37, 17, and 107. You count the word "God" in them and you will get 209. This is 19 x 10.
This is 19 x 11. So, the word "God" just like the mathematical code guards, protects
the Quran from any distortion. The word "God" by itself does that because it tells you that
Sura 9 consists of 127 verses, not 129. Because if you take what we inherited
Dr. Khalifa: from the fabricators, this, this phenomenon will disappear.
A man: Both of them?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, both of them will disappear.
The number of occurrences of the word "God" from the beginning of the Quran to the end of Sura 9,
from the first verse in Sura 1 to the last verse of Sura 9 which is 127,
the, the occurrences of the word "God" is 1273. This is very unusual
because this is not true of every Sura in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: But God saw to it that at the end of Sura, verse 127 of Sura 9, the total occurrences of word "God" is a multiple of 19.
Ismail Barakat: And not only that, but it is also 127.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. 1273.
So, if
we took, we take the 129 verses that we inherited from the falsifiers, you'll have 1274,
Dr. Khalifa: not a multiple of 19.
Behrouz: 1275
Dr. Khalifa: Finally... Hmm?
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There's only one, one word "God" in the last 2 verses, right?
A man: Yeah. A man: There is only one.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
The last item here, add the number of Sura 9, oh yeah, let's add the number of Sura 9, by this,
plus the number, the correct number of verses 127 plus the number of occurrences of the word "God" 168.
Dr. Khalifa: The total is 304.
Behrouz: Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: 19 x 16. This is just the word "God."
And there are, of course, many other crucial words like the word "Rasool",
the word "Quran", the word "one." It just goes on and on.
Dr. Khalifa: But this is just the word "God." And when I simplify... Abdullah?
Abdullah: I have one more thing.
Dr. Khalifa: Did you just discover that?
Abdullah: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: New discovery.
Dr. Khalifa: Where else will you have miracles (unintelligible) on you? Ok. Abdullah, what is it? Mã Shã Allãh
Abdullah: There are 85 chapters that has word, the word "God" in it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Abdullah: And if you take chapter number, no, no, no, don't add that.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Abdullah: Chapter number and the last verse that "God" occurs, for each chapters, add them up. Divisible.
Dr. Khalifa: Is that the same one we have in appendix or a different?
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Abdullah: For example, chapter, chapter 1,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Abdullah: the last word that "God" occurs is number 2.
Dr. Khalifa: 2. Yes.
Abdullah: So, 1 plus 2 is 3. If you take chapter 9, the last verse
Dr. Khalifa: 127. Abdullah: 127 not 129.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Abdullah: You have 9 plus 127. And that's for all 85 chapters.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Abdullah: I think the result is 9101.
Dr. Khalifa: This, they took the...
Abdullah: I'm not sure but it's divisible by 19.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. 9101 is divisible.
Dr. Khalifa: OK. I'm gonna repeat just in case you, you missed the, you missed it.
The word "God" occurs... this is very, this is a good one, beautiful.
The word "God" occurs in 85 Suras in the Quran.
You take the number of the Sura and add it to
the number of the last verse where you see the word "God" in that Sura. For example, in Sura Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
is number 2. So, 1 plus 2 is 3 for Sura 1. You do this in every Sura of the 85
Suras where the word "God" is, occurs. The number of the Sura plus the last verse where
you see the word "God." And this, of course, has to do with the Sura 9. When it comes to Sura 9, you add
127 and not 129. And you do this in all 85 Suras, adds up. The total is 9101 which is a multiple of 19.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah. We praise God. Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
Last week, Muhtesem gave us an excellent Khutba.
Let me, let me come back to this. But I just always forget
this new discovery that came to us in the mail from Turkey and it has to do with verse 3:81.
This, this happens quite often in the Quran where you have a statement in the Quran and the, the opponents will come up
with something contradictory to it. But then, God puts the answer to their claims somewhere else
in the Quran. For example, verse 3:81 talks about the Messenger of the Covenant.
It says that after all the prophets, and this is any translation will tell you about it. After all the prophets have
come to this world and delivered their scriptures and the messages, a messenger will come to
unify, purify, consolidate these messages into one. This is verse 3:81. When you show this to the
idol worshipers, they say "that one is Muhammad. That messenger of the Covenant is Muhammad."
Even though the verse is very clear that it is not Muhammad because it begins by saying "God made
a covenant with the prophets." We all recognize the prophet Muhammad as a prophet, even they do.
He was the last prophet.
Therefore, he must be included in that statement because God did not say,
He made a covenant with the previous prophets or the prophets before you. God said "He made a
Dr. Khalifa: covenant with the prophets." So, the answer to this claim is in 33:7
Ismail Barakat: (33:7) وَمِنكَ and you
Dr. Khalifa: where God says "I made the covenant with the prophets
Dr. Khalifa: [33:7] ... including you (O Muhammad) ... Ismail Barakat: Yes.
A man: Yeah, sure.
So, this is at the very, at the other end of the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it shuts them up. Now, the discovery that Edip's
Ismail Barakat: No, it doesn't, Rashad. It doesn't. Dr. Khalifa: friend made...
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. It doesn't shut them up, but shuts up that particular item.
Edip's friend in Turkey counted the verses from 3:81 to the answer to their
Dr. Khalifa: claim 33:7 and found that the number of verses is a multiple of 19.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: 3192. Hmm?
A man: with Basmalahs?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. The Basmalah are verses.
The Basmalahs are unnumbered verses, as we know, from this miracle on the wall where we did not
count them and the whole number is a multiple of 19. And when our brother, Ali Fazeli,
suggested that we put 0 for every Basmalah in the Quran, we thought this whole thing will
Dr. Khalifa: collapse. We shouldn't have thought that. But we put the zeros there and sure enough it still
A man: Subhan Allah.
Dr. Khalifa: was a multiple of 19.
Ismail Barakat: Subhan Allah.
Ismail Barakat: Subhan Allah.
Dr. Khalifa: We are the luckiest people on earth. There is no question about it.
Dr. Khalifa: Anyway, with, with your help, all of us together... pardon? Shakira: Only we know we are lucky.
Dr. Khalifa: Shakira. Shakira. Only we know we are lucky.
Dr. Khalifa: We know we're lucky?
Shakira: Only we know that we are lucky. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: It's all, that's what counts. Dr. Khalifa: That's what counts.
Ismail Barakat: That's what counts.
Dr. Khalifa: Anyone who believes will discover that too because they will, they will join the lucky, luckiest.
I mean, to be born at this particular time in this particular place and all the circumstances
that brought us together. When you reflect on your circumstances, you can see how God directed
you to this particular situation. Obviously, because you deserve that.
OK. Muhtesem gave us an excellent
Khutba, last week. And he talked about the responsibility which goes with the extreme
great fortune that God bestowed upon us. His blessing and grace comes with responsibility.
What is our responsibility towards us, our souls, the real persons? Because God spells it out to us, He tells us exactly what to do.
So, I want to add to what Muhtesem said is that we now recognize that
the human being consists of the soul, that's the real person, and the body.
The soul, when, when a baby is born, the soul is assigned to that, to that body.
And the first thing that as soon as Shakira pulls the baby out, the baby cries. Then, she gives him a spank.
Do you spank the babies when, when you deliver them?
Dr. Khalifa: No? Shakira: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Do they cry anyway? Shakira: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They always cry.
Shakira: Sometimes (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Sometimes they don't cry?
Shakira: No. They cry.
Dr. Khalifa: They all cry.
Shakira: They all cry, so their lungs open.
Dr. Khalifa: I see. It helps them breathe or something. I think they cry because they get trapped. But, really I'm curious. All of them
Dr. Khalifa: 100 percent of them cry. Or do you get sometimes a baby that's still under anesthesia or something?
Shakira: No, if there is a problem, they don't cry.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, I see. Ismail Barakat: But it's (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: But also, Al-Roshd...
Dr. Khalifa: So, when the baby comes, if the baby doesn't cry "uh-uh."
Ismail Barakat: But there's another thing. Wouldn't you cry if you came to this place?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, that's the whole idea.
Mahmood Abib: That's why they're crying.
Mahmood Abib: That's, that's the whole point in (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, what do we do...
what do we do for the body? Ok. Let's say what are our responsibilities to the body?
We go to school.
We study and take exams. Just ask, Farhad, how he likes that. Today, it is big, big prelim test.
Dr. Khalifa: And how many years we go to school? So many years, then go to college.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Isn't college fun, Beth?
Beth: For a while.
Dr. Khalifa: All the tests and the studying, how hard it is.
Then, you go to grad school "oh no."
I used to get mad at people who tell me "school is fun."
You know, how... I said "you wanna take my place?"
Ok. Then, after that, we work.
Every morning, we set the alarm. We go to work. We drive in the traffic.
And in Tucson, it's not as bad as other places.
We drive in the traffic and we go to face the boss.
Everyone hates the boss. I don't know why.
Dr. Khalifa: And work until five o'clock.
Shakira: We don't hate you.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm not the boss.
This is a whole different system here.
In Heaven, there's no jealousy. There's competition and everybody is helping his competitors to go ahead.
This is, this is in God's system. God removes all jealousy and hatred from His people.
But this is what we do for the body. And why all this? Why do we do all this for 20 or 30 years
for 40 years? You start working when you're 30 and you retire when you're 65, okay. 35 years.
We do all this because we want to support ourselves, have a nice home, a nice spouse, nice children, nice clothes,
nice food for the body for 35 years. Okay. What do we do for this?
Dr. Khalifa: You know, after, after this 35 years, what happens to the body?
Ismail Barakat: Cancer.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, it is the soil. It vanishes. Here, the soul doesn't
vanish. You can think of the soul at the time of birth as a baby. What do we do for the soul? This
is the responsibility that Muhtesem mentioned last week. God tells us that we must do the Five
Prayers. We must feed the soul. Ask the average person on the street "What did you give your body today
for meals? What did you give you, the soul, today for meals?" They'll have to think long and hard. Tell them, ask them
not today, say "for the last year, how many meals did you give to yourself?"
They feed the body. They do
Dr. Khalifa: all this work for the body. But for the soul, they do nothing. Do you have a question?
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh.
Shakira: You know, I was thinking about this when I was coming in the plane because this was going on in my mind,
that we have a system where we give credits. I mean like, if you do Zakat, you have, you get 50% and then for Salat you have
Shakira: 25% and for Hajj you have, you know.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, you accumulate credits. Shakira: Is that right?
Dr. Khalifa: You accumulate credits as you go right and left. Shakira: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Every time you say "Subhan Allah." You see, this is... in fact, this brings me to the next one. Thank
you for reminding me and this involves Muhtesem, also. Yesterday, I made a terrible terrible
mistake. Anyway, you get the idea here that this is an eternal entity.
This is the real soul and in,
in proportion to this work, we should do, work for the soul. Except God is just and He doesn't give
us even one hundredth of this work that we do for the body to survive 35 years.
This eternal entity doesn't take much to develop and God makes it very easy as long as you, you observe God.
And this is, bring me to the mistake that I did with Muhtesem yesterday. Muhtesem was not feeling good.
So, anyway, I repented. I fell prostrate and I asked for forgiveness. But I went and got him
two pill and I told him... listen to this. I said "these two pills will remove your flu, will heal you."
Dr. Khalifa: Yousef, Joseph, the prophet, said the same thing and he, he stayed in the prison for a few years.
Ismail Barakat: 7 years.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, we don't know how many. I mean, this is a remark I want to... you are very special people.
And you have a lot of responsibility. And you must watch what you're saying.
And I bet you anything... I mean, how
many, how many years do you think we should go to prison for the mistakes when, when we think about it?
So, immediately, I, I caught myself. I, I, actually, I scared him to death because I came back and said Muhtesem
"where are the pills? Where?" And he looked and "I swallowed them already." I said "I made a terrible mistake."
Ismail Barakat: I gave you the wrong pills.
Dr. Khalifa: "We deserved it cause you didn't tell me this is wrong." Alright. You know, we didn't say "by God's
grace and, and His help these pills will... ." How many, how many of us make this mistake?
How often? Don't answer me.
Dr. Khalifa: Tonight, IN SHAA ALLAH, we are on page 64 starting at verse 110.
Dr. Khalifa: And our teacher is Dr. Mahmood Sabahi.
A woman: Again?
Dr. Khalifa: Be sure we keep the kid, the children quiet.
Dr. Sabahai: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
As usual we ask God to help us to understand
His words better and remove all the barriers from our hearts.
verse 110, I start from verse 110 page 64.
[3:110] You are the best community ever raised among the people: you advocate righteousness and forbid evil, and you believe in GOD. If the followers of the scripture believed, it would be better for them. Some of them do believe, but the majority are wicked.
111
[3:111] They can never harm you, except for insults. If they fight you, they will turn around and flee. They can never be victorious.
112
[3:112] humiliation is their lot wherever they go, unless they abide by GOD's covenant, and the people's covenant. They incurred wrath from GOD, consequently, they were committed to disgrace. This is because they rejected GOD's revelations, and used to kill the prophets unjustly. This is because they disobeyed and transgressed.
113
[3:113] They are not all the same; among the followers of the scripture, there are those who are righteous. They recite GOD's revelations through the night, and they fall prostrate.
114
[3:114] They believe in GOD and the Last Day, they advocate righteousness and forbid evil, and they hasten to do righteous works. These are with the righteous.
115
[3:115] Any good they do will not go unrewarded. GOD is fully aware of who the righteous are.
[3:116] Surely, those who disbelieved can never be helped by their money or their children against GOD. They have incurred Hell, wherein they abide forever.
117
[3:117] The example of their spending in this world is like a violent wind that hits the harvest of the people who wronged their souls, and wipes it out. GOD never wronged them; it is they who wronged themselves.
I stop at 117 and go back to 110.
I believe as far as I could look through the verses that we have studied up to this point from the
beginning of the Quran that this is the first verse that God is talking about the community.
God is saying that
[3:110] You are the best community ever raised among the people: ...
and
[3:110] ... you advocate righteousness and forbid evil, ...
If we review what we have seen through, through the Al-Baqarah, this
second Sura and third up to this point, what we have been told, what we have been taught is that
what we have to do as individuals basically, what to have to do, what we have to do to be righteous,
how do we have to behave in, in the society and how to take care of ourselves as far as we are
concerned and our own interests are concerned. Now, we are seeing God telling us about a community.
I go to the verse 84 of this same Sura not too far. It's page 61. The title of it is
Make No Distinction Among God's Messengers.
I see a relationship between this community that God
is saying that we raised among you people. These people who are in this community, they are saying
[3:84] "We believe in GOD, and in what was sent down to us, and in what was sent down to Abraham, Ismail, Isaac, Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and in what was given to Moses, Jesus, and the prophets from their Lord. We make no distinction among any of them. To Him alone we are Muslims."
In this community, if you look at this verse 84, it almost covers everyone that you can see around you in this world at,
at the current time. If someone can believe and can uphold this verse and see the world and see the
people as all people who only believe in God and what was sent down to the people from Him, then
you won't see any, any problem in the world. So, this is one characteristic of those people who are
in that community. Then, I go to two verses, 103 and 104, the same just page 63.
Unity: a trait of the believers
[3:103] You shall hold fast to the rope of GOD, all of you, and do not be divided. ...
So again, another characteristic of these people, this community, the people in this community
is that they are, all of them hold fast to the rope of God because He is the One that everybody is holding to.
[3:103] ... and do not be divided. ...
This is a very important thing, you know, don't be divided. How, why people get divided?
What is the reason for the world being such a nasty place to live in? What is all the division? What is it for?
You see, in the book, in this book, in Quran, you don't see any trace of race, color, nationality
whatsoever or whatever we can think of. So, even religion, everybody, all the people who are part of
that best community, they are all the same because they hang on to the rope of God and they follow
what He tells them to follow. So, in this community, there is room for everyone regardless of what
shape they are, what color they are, what race they are. There is nothing except believing in God and
being righteous. I continue on 103. God says
[3:103] ... you used to be enemies and He ...
the GOD
[3:103] ... reconciled your hearts. By His grace, you became brethren. You were at the brink of a pit of fire, and He saved you ...
Look, you look around in the world everywhere you see, there is fire, there is bloodshed, there is killing,
there is unrest, there is disease.
[3:103] ... GOD thus explains His revelations for you, that you may be guided.
I think 104 is a good one, too, related to same, to the same issue.
[3:104] Let there be a community ...
Here God says
[3:104] Let there be a community of you who invite to goodness, advocate righteousness, and forbid evil. These are the successful ones.
In this one, in this verse, God is telling that He puts down, lays down
the conditions. If there wants to be a good community of you, you have to invite to goodness, advocate
righteousness and forbid evil. And then, God is saying that
[3:110] You are the best community ever raised ...
This is something current. This is at the present time and the future. He's talking to some people. He's telling them
[3:110] You are the best ...
If one, if we think we are, then we have to analyze ourselves every
day and see whether we are upholding what I read to you from those verses that which is related to
the conditions. You cannot say that "okay, I go to this mosque, I do my Prayers and I'm one of the
"ones who is the happiest, who is the best." We have to self-analyze ourselves all the time and to be
able to be part of that community to advocate righteousness and forbid evil. These two words,
advocating righteousness and forbidding evil, it is part of the responsibility of the believers,
the people who believe in God. Because up to this point, whatever you saw was something related to
your personal duties by Praying, like fasting, like Hajj, like Zakat, whatever. But now, you are part of a
community. This is your social responsibilities to advocate righteousness. How do you, how do you do it?
God doesn't tell you how to do it. So, you have to find a way to do it the best way possible.
You, if you are part of that community that God is saying that you are the best ever raised among
the people, then the responsibilities that go with it is huge. And how you approach it, how you do it,
it's something that it depends on personal views and how you approach it. But if you keep God
only as your final goal and you could get rid of all the egotistical issues, if you can break
down that part of you who is not clean or it's not purified, then you can do a good job. So,
you have to work on yourself and then you can do the rest of it much easier.
And if the followers of the
scripture believe, it will be better for them. So, if you face other people from other religions,
if they follow, if they follow or they accept what you tell them, that's good for them. If not, so be it. Some of
them do believe but the majority are wicked. I go to 111. God is promising you that the people that this
community who He is, who He is raising and is the best community, He promises them that they can never
be harmed. You know, nobody can harm you. They can insult you, they can probably, possibly make some
hardship for you which would be passing, it's not gonna last, but God says that
[3:111] They can never harm you, ... If they fight you, they will turn around and flee. They can never be victorious.
This is a promise that the victory is for the people who are worshipping God alone and are righteous and they forbid evil.
[3:112] Humiliation is their lot wherever they go, unless they do abide by GOD's covenant, and the people's covenant.
If you see 112, I guess it's for the first time. Forgive me if I'm not,
I'm not right, but I think back to my memory, I think it's the first time that God mentions the people's
covenant in addition to God's covenant. It's just right after that. So,
[3:112] Humiliation is their lot wherever they go, unless they abide by GOD's covenant, and the people's covenant. ...
So, if you are part of that community, if you are a member of that best community ever raised among the people, then
you have to abide by God's covenant, first God alone, worshiping Him alone, and people's covenant.
What does that mean? The understanding that I have and definitely it's open for discussion
is the fact that if your faith... if you are part of that community, if you belong to that community, if
you have all those characteristics, then you make a covenant. You, you have to be faithful. We
have to be like brothers and sisters and it's the family. It is a community, as I said, regardless of
all the issues that cause, in this world, all the division and all the hatred and the wars and the fights and the battles.
[3:112] They incurred wrath from GOD, consequently, they were committed to disgrace. This is because they rejected GOD's revelations, and used to kill the prophets unjustly. This is because they disobeyed and transgressed.
At this part of the verse, God is telling us those who violate any,
violate any of those two covenants, this is what is happening to them. If you wanna see a little bit
more from what we have studied up to this point, I go to Sura 2 verses 60 and 61 which is page 9.
This is about Moses and the children of Israel.
[2:60] Recall that Moses sought water for his people. And we said, "Strike the rock with your staff." Whereupon, twelve springs gushed out therefrom. Thus each tribe knew their own water. Eat and drink from GOD's provisions, and do not roam the earth corruptingly.
[2:61] Recall that you said, "O Moses, we can no longer tolerate one kind of food. Call upon your Lord to produce for us such earthly crops as beans, cucumbers, garlic, lentils, and onions." ...
[2:61] ... He said, "Do you wish to substitute that which is inferior for that which is good? Maybe, you should go back to Egypt, where you can find what you asked for." ...
[2:61] ... They were condemned to humiliation, and disgrace, and they incurred God's wrath. ...
[2:61] ... That is because they used to disbelieve in GOD's revelations, and killed the prophets unjustly. That is because they disobeyed and transgressed.
So, what this seems and God is telling us about what has happened in the past
is that if you become fortunate enough to become part of that community and then you cannot uphold your
covenant, then you are gonna be humiliated. God is gonna reject you and humiliate you.
And if you go and take a look around, especially it doesn't matter in different religions. Muslims
Dr. Sabahi: who have the Quran. What is going on in the Muslim world these days?
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: Sorry, Sabahi.
Dr. Sabahi: We see, we see that the people who were given this scripture, who God sent the messenger for them and who they
believed, the people who believed that they are the ones who are the Muslims in this world,
they are going through the most difficult times right now and the only reason, I think, I can find
for this is not holding up the God's covenant and not holding the people's covenant although
they try, at least, they think they're trying but they are going the wrong way to create that best
community because they are aware of this verse and similar verses in, in the Quran, but they are missing
the main point which is God's revelations and God and worshiping God alone and getting rid of all
the idols that jump up from everywhere in those countries. I go to 113. Here, God talks about as the title says,
Righteous Jews & Christians
[3:113] They are not all the same; ...
meaning the Jews and Christians from the other, the followers of the other scriptures. "among", ok.
[3:113] They are not all the same; among the followers of the scripture, there are those who are righteous. They recite GOD's revelations through the night, and they fall prostrate.
So, if, this is another good example of a community which all the boundaries are broken. If there are Jews or Christians who are upholding the
God's scripture, they believe in God and they prostrate and God is telling us, you know, I, I don't have
to go and find it. There are people who are Jews and Christians in the world who are righteous,
who recite God's revelations. How they do it, I don't know. But God is telling me that they do that. So,
they could be part of that community, that good community that is raised among the people, the best community.
[3:114] They believe in GOD and the Last Day, ...
Two major conditions of being a believer.
[3:114] ... they advocate righteousness and forbid evil, ...
The same 2 duties that I mentioned in 110, God is mentioning in 110.
[3:114] ... they advocate righteousness and they forbid evil, and they hasten to do righteous works. They are with the righteous.
115
[3:115] Any good they do will not go unrewarded. GOD is fully aware who is righteous.
Clear, there is no explanation for this, very clear said. 116
[3:116] Surely, those who disbelieved will never be helped by their money or their children against GOD. They have incurred Hell, wherein they abide forever.
I take you to verse 10 of this same Sura, Sura 3
Disbelievers always ultimate losers. See the difference in the, in the language of the two verses.
[3:10] Those who disbelieve cannot be helped by their money, or children, against GOD. They are the fuel of Hell.
But here God says,
[3:116] Surely, those who disbelieved will never be helped by their money or their children against GOD. ...
Over there in verse 10, it seems to me at least that God
is telling us "they cannot be helped", but it seems that a door is left open for them so that the
righteous people can go, do their duties, you know. Tell them to forbid evil and they can advocate
righteousness, tell them what the right is what the wrong is. But if you do and and you see examples,
I guess, every one of us has that experience that you try, you try to give the message and try
to tell them what is right, what, what God wants them to do, but they don't, they don't listen. And here God says,
[3:116] Surely, those who disbelieved will never be helped by their money or their ...
This is, this is the ultimate.
[3:116] ... or by their children against GOD. They have incurred Hell, wherein they abide forever.
And 117
[3:117] The example of their spending in this world is like a violent wind that hits the harvest of people who wronged their souls, and wipes it out. GOD never wronged them; it is they who wronged themselves.
I had a little, a little bit of a hard time to exactly understand what this verse means but
I give you what my understanding is from it.
It seems that it is alluding to the fact that people
who have a lot of money that they can spend and they spend it and they try to spend it for
in the, in the, in, as they're considering for God or they, the donations, they go on TV and donate a million dollar to
this good cause because it's tax-deductible and they make sure that they show the numbers on
TV and everywhere. And they do these things and then they go and corrupt the, the, using the Quranic
warning, they corrupt the earth and then expect, they expect that God should give them back something.
They donated a million dollar or hundred dollar or one dollar for God and then, you know, why they
didn't get anything back. And I think God is saying that whatever... God never wrongs them. God
doesn't want bad for anyone. So, whatever we do is a consequence of what, whatever we get is a
consequence of whatever we have done. And God says very clearly, He never wrongs them; it is they who do wrong themselves.
I wanna stop here and let go for some discussions and comments
and questions but before that I have to mention something about, because this is about the best
community and I, I was watching 60 minutes last Sunday and if you ask people who have traveled
around the world, at least, if you say "give me a country that is one of the best ones I can go and live there",
usually Switzerland is one of the names that comes out. You know, whoever have,
I have been there once with you about five days, especially Zurich is a beautiful place. It's
so clean. I have, the first time I was there, I thought that people wash their cars three times a day because it's
so clean and so nice, no police in the streets. You can go out anytime you want. And of course,
all the money in the world is the free banking system. All the money from everywhere goes there.
The program that I saw in the 60 minutes, there is a beautiful park around the lake in the middle of
Zurich and this park has become the center for drug users and drug addicts. It was so so sad,
so tragic to see those. What they have done is that young people in the ages of 15 to 30, very young
they come to this park and using drugs in that park, dealing it is free, although drug dealing
and using in Switzerland is, is against the law. But the government, according to CBS, has
let this area to be an area for drug use and drug dealing because they think with this
they are, they are containing the problem in that one area. And the documentary was saying that the number
of these people in this place has risen in the last years so so much. And then, what they do as
(unintelligible) and advocating righteousness and, you know, forbidding people from doing evil,
they distribute clean needles. The government sponsors that because they wanna stop the spread of the
AIDS among those. So, they are free to come and get free needles to use it for injecting drugs
in their body and they were interviewing some of these young people who were 20, 18, 21
years old and asking them, you know, "what you live for?" They said "nothing. The only thing that I live
"for is my next injection, my next round of drug." And they asked one of these kids who was the
son of one of the big shots in the government and I think it was Mike Wallace asked him "okay, what does
"your dad, you know, how does your dad does do this? Why, you know, he has so much money." And he
said "doesn't he feel that, you know, these empires with so much money can do anything about
"this? Where is the morality?" And he answered that when he goes he"s a moral man but when he goes
to work, he leaves his morality at home because business doesn't have anything to do with the
morality. That's business, so he has to do his job. But when he comes home, he's worried about what
happens. But that was a very good example of what is, what is really happening to the, the youngsters
of this, of this world and in the heart of a, of a country, in a city that is known as one of the
best places that, you know, the heaven of the rich, the heaven of the people and this was
an example of which I thought is, was very moving and very ironic. So, I stop here and ask for any
Dr. Sabahi: questions or comments.
A man: (unintelligible) Quran (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I think I will open to this, this somebody asked about this. I open the discussion with verse 115 where it says
[3:115] Any good they do will not go unrewarded. GOD is fully aware of who the righteous are.
It's talking about the righteous Jews and Christians. As we learned from Sura 19, they lost their Contact Prayers, for example.
They do not do their five Prayers. Five Prayers are very very very, infinite very important
because they go a long way towards proving that God, the Creator of the heavens and the earth, is our god.
They remind us of God and, you know, benefits that we just cannot overestimate, overemphasize.
So, the Jews and Christians do not have the 5 daily...
These righteous Jews and Christians described here, they recite
God's revelations through the night and they fall prostrate, they advocate righteousness, they forbid
evil and they hasten to do righteous works, charitable works, and so on. And this is why God is
saying that these things will not go unrewarded. So, they'll be rewarded for this, but it is nothing
compared to the specific steps of rites that God prescribes for us, the Prayers, the fasting of Ramadan.
As you know, within our lifetime, the Christians, for example, lost their fasting. First, there was no
Dr. Khalifa: meat on Friday and in Easter, in Easter, or, what is it? The...
Ismail Barakat: Lent.
Dr. Khalifa: Lent, they used to give up important things. Now, they give up Macadamia nuts.
So, they lost the fasting. They lost the Contact Prayers. And these are the important
things that cause our souls to, to grow and develop. So, I just, this is a very important verse 115.
The implication from the Arabic text, and I hope this is reflected in the English,
is that these are all good things. They recite God's revelations, they fall prostrate, they are righteous, they advocate
righteousness, they forbid evil, they have high moral standards, they are truthful and honest, but
all these things, all these things combined will be a, a small fraction of what we get from the five daily Prayers, for example.
Dr. Khalifa: The five daily Prayers are so important that...
Shakira: Are they the most important for all the (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Definitely.
Shakira: So, if...