[00:00] If he did this job what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him.
[00:06] And he says, don't worship me, worship God. The only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. Impossible, improbable. Third time impossible. Fourth time man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again.
[00:24] This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this? Leave out everything else, only every Allah word in the Quran for 23 years in his head. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[00:48] [sound of a car engine starting]
[00:59] Tonight, the topic under discussion will be Al-Quran, the visual miracle. It's also been styled, in what I as a person perhaps feel, is a better title, Al-Quran, the ultimate and the perpetual, perpetual miracle.
[01:22] أَعُوذُ بِاللَّهِ مِنَ الشَّيْطَانِ الرَّجِيمِ
[01:26] بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحْمَٰنِ الرَّحِيمِ
[01:30] وَقَالُوا لَوْلَا أُنزِلَ عَلَيْهِ آيَاتٌ مِّن رَّبِّهِ ۖ قُلْ إِنَّمَا الْآيَاتُ عِندَ اللَّهِ وَإِنَّمَا أَنَا نَذِيرٌ مُّبِينٌ
[01:43] أَوَلَمْ يَكْفِهِمْ أَنَّا أَنزَلْنَا عَلَيْكَ الْكِتَابَ يُتْلَىٰ عَلَيْهِمْ ۚ إِنَّ فِي ذَٰلِكَ لَرَحْمَةً وَذِكْرَىٰ لِقَوْمٍ يُؤْمِنُونَ
[01:55] صَدَقَ اللَّهُ صَدَقَ اللَّهُ الْعَظِيمُ
[01:58] Mr. Chairman, brothers and sisters, by now I'm sure you've got used to the Holy Quran, the volumes that you have been buying, because up till now, I think since we started our series, about a thousand Qurans have been taken by our brethren and our sisters. And I've been suggesting to you how to get the maximum benefit from this translation.
[02:29] That if you are told, as I'm going to tell you now, that the verses I have quoted are from Surah Ankabut. Ankabut. Ankabut means spider. But you will not find it under S, spider. You will find it under Ankabut, under A. In the index at the back of this volume, you will find under A, Ankabut, and it will tell you that it is chapter 29. Surah number 29. And the verses I read to you were verses number 50 and 51.
[03:08] In it, Allah (SWT) He says,
[03:13] وَقَالُوا
[03:14] and they say, who? The unbelievers. They say, the atheists, the skeptics, the mushriks, they say,
[03:25] لَوْلَا أُنزِلَ عَلَيْهِ آيَاتٌ مِّن رَّبِّهِ
[03:28] See, why is not a sign, a miracle, sent down to him, to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) from his Lord? Like what they wanted to see, the Holy Prophet putting up a ladder into heaven, walking up and bringing a book down. That is what they wanted. They're asking him, they said, look, look at that Mount Uhud. Why don't you make it into gold? Why don't you make water to gush out in the desert?
[04:01] Allah (SWT) reminds us in the Holy Quran that they had asked Hazrat Musa (AS) more impossible things than what they're asking our Nabi. They were asking his own people, the Bani Israel, the Jews, were asking Hazrat Musa (AS) that we want to see God face to face. Bring Allah down, we want to see him. Face to face. So Allah says, look, this is nothing. What they're asking you is nothing compared to what they were asking Musa (AS). Hazrat Isa (AS), Jesus Christ, he was also given endless trouble by his people. On Saturday night, we were dealing with one of those requests made by the Jews. They said, master, we would have a sign of thee. We want you to show us a miracle. And despite all his miracles, they didn't hearken to his message. They didn't respond. All the miracles, giving life to the dead, healing the blind and the lepers, turning water into wine, killing 2,000 pigs, drying up a fig tree from its very roots, stilling the storm. All these things had no effect upon the people.
[05:03] This is what happens. When you come down to the to the level of the materialist, the atheist, the agnostic, the skeptic, he is going to discount it. Some reason or another, he's going to find fault with it.
[05:16] It's a sickness with man. When he's asking for miracles, no miracles can satisfy him. No miracles. Because it is a sickness.
[05:25] So Allah says,
[05:27] قُلْ
[05:27] tell them,
[05:29] إِنَّمَا الْآيَاتُ عِندَ اللَّهِ
[05:31] Most certainly the ayat, the signs, miracles are in the hands of my Lord. Listen to his humble, sweet approach. He says, signs, miracles are in Allah's hands. When Jesus Christ was asked for miracles, he says, an evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be given unto it. A wicked and adulterous generation. That's how he addressed the people who made those requests. He was provoked. He was shaken up. The Holy Prophet Muhammad is made to say,
[06:06] قُلْ إِنَّمَا الْآيَاتُ عِندَ اللَّهِ
[06:08] He says, most certainly signs, miracles are in the hands of my Lord.
[06:14] وَإِنَّمَا أَنَا نَذِيرٌ مُّبِينٌ
[06:15] I am only a clear-cut warner. This is my job is to deliver the message to you as it is given to me. That's my job, not to entertain you.
[06:28] أَوَلَمْ يَكْفِهِمْ
[06:30] Allah is asking, is this not enough for you? Is not is this not enough for them?
[06:37] أَنَّا أَنزَلْنَا عَلَيْكَ الْكِتَابَ
[06:39] That we have revealed to you the book. You, oh Muhammad, a person who doesn't know how to read or write, an ummi. Allah (SWT) says, is this not enough for them that we have revealed to you, oh Muhammad, the book? Look at this book. Who brought it? A man who didn't know how to read or write. The volume. This is an encyclopedia. We know this is given by Allah (SWT). But the enemy says, Muhammad wrote the book. He wrote the book. He says, all right, on the human level, you see, you have the Christian Bible here. The Roman Catholic Bible got 73 books, more than 40 different authors. More than 40 different authors went to write this one book. Here is the Protestant Bible. 66 books. More than 40 different persons went to write this book. Here is one man, an illiterate man, and he brings such a book as this. And it puts to shame all the learning of the philosophers, of the theologians, puts to shame. One man, if he did the job. He didn't do it. This is Allah's kalam. But even if he did it, I said, he puts to shame all the authors of any other religious scripture. One man. And dealing with all subjects under the earth. Every problem you have, he gives an answer for them. Every problem.
[08:09] So Allah says, is this not enough for them that you are the person who's bringing this book?
[08:16] أَنَّا أَنزَلْنَا عَلَيْكَ الْكِتَابَ يُتْلَىٰ عَلَيْهِمْ
[08:18] which you recite to them, rehearse to them.
[08:22] إِنَّ فِي ذَٰلِكَ لَرَحْمَةً وَذِكْرَىٰ
[08:25] And in these are signs. Is a mercy and a reminder. In this is a mercy, in the Quran is a mercy and a reminder.
[08:37] لِقَوْمٍ يُؤْمِنُونَ
[08:38] For a people who have faith. People who have iman. For them there is a sign. But for the blind, for the sick, people like Abu Jahl, nothing. No proof. No proof is good enough. You can bring the moon down. You can bring the sun down. It will not satisfy them.
[08:58] Our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) says, he's made to say, I do not say to you that in my hands are the treasures of God. Nor do I say to you, verily, I'm an angel. Only what is revealed to me do I follow. And he's commanded in the Holy Quran to say,
[09:17] قُلْ
[09:17] tell them,
[09:19] إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[09:21] So most certainly, I'm a man like yourself.
[09:26] يُوحَىٰ إِلَيَّ
[09:27] But the revelation of God has come to me.
[09:29] أَنَّمَا إِلَٰهُكُمْ إِلَٰهٌ وَاحِدٌ
[09:31] That your Allah is one Allah.
[09:36] فَمَن كَانَ يَرْجُو لِقَاءَ رَبِّهِ فَلْيَعْمَلْ عَمَلًا صَالِحًا
[09:40] So whosoever wishes to meet his Lord, let him do deeds of righteousness. Let him do goodness, good work.
[09:47] وَلَا يُشْرِكْ بِعِبَادَةِ رَبِّهِ أَحَدًا
[09:51] And in the worship of his Lord, admit no one as partner. I'm a man like you. The only difference between me and you is this, that Allah has revealed his messages to me, which I'm conveying them to you. This is the only distinction he claims. He's not God. He's not the son of God. He's a man like you. He is a prophet of God. He's inspired by God.
[10:16] Now, the lecture tonight, Al-Quran, a visual miracle, is not only an answer to the curiosity mongers, but it is also a proof to some of our brethren who might be weak in their iman, weak in their faith, to strengthen their iman. And above all, this lecture is for those of our friendly critics. You remember, I can't remember when it was this we had this lecture on Muhammad the Greatest. Muhammad the Greatest. Now, in that lecture, I gave you references by friendly critics of Islam, people like Michael H. Hart, who wrote a book, and in that book, in that book, he put our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) number one, the most influential man in history. He said, number one, Muhammad (PBUH). And he put his own Lord and Savior Jesus Christ number three. You remember that? Those of you who were in that lecture. Then I gave you other references. Jews, Masserman, the Jew, a professor of the Chicago University, a paid servant of the American government. He also puts our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) number one as the greatest leader of mankind, Muhammad, and he puts his own hero, Moses, number two. Then I gave you the reference to Lamartine, a Frenchman in 1854. He put our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) as the greatest man that ever lived. Those references were made in that lecture. And I'm going to make a few more references. But all those beautiful tributes I spoke about, that the non-Muslims, the enemies of Islam, Jews and Christians, what they had to say about our Nabi, which many Muslims are timid to express. Muslims themselves are terrified to open their mouths to say that our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) is the greatest man that ever lived. As Allah says,
[12:33] وَإِنَّكَ لَعَلَىٰ خُلُقٍ عَظِيمٍ
[12:35] So most certainly, thou, oh Muhammad, standest on the highest pinnacle of behavior. Allah testifies. And the non-Muslim confirms. It makes us very happy. But all those beautiful tributes is creating a subtle problem for us. And that problem is, why do they not accept Islam? When they can say things that we are afraid to say. An American in America, publishing a book of 572 pages, and he puts our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) number one, the most influential man in history. This man, Jews, Masserman, he says, number one, the greatest leader of all times, Muhammad. And on and on. Why do these people not accept Islam?
[13:25] Now, I was thinking that perhaps these people were hypocrites, munafiqs. And you know, in the Holy Quran, Allah describes the destination of the hypocrite, the munafiq.
[13:39] إِنَّ الْمُنَافِقِينَ فِي الدَّرْكِ الْأَسْفَلِ مِنَ النَّارِ
[13:42] So most certainly the munafiq, the hypocrite, will be in the deepest depth of Jahannam, hellfire. The hypocrite, deepest depth. Not the adulterer, not the gambler, but the hypocrite, deepest depth of Jahannam. Now, is this the destiny of these people who are going out of their way to promote, to proclaim the greatness of our Prophet (PBUH)? Is this the destiny? This is what I was thinking, worried about. Now we learn that, look, they have a certain sickness. These great men, these beautiful tributes that they pay, but at the back of their mind, there is a sickness. Which on the face of it, you can't see. But when you go deep down into their thinking, you discover the sickness. Michael H. Hart. Coming to Michael H. Hart. I read his beautiful tribute, his testimony. Why he chose our Nabi to be number one? Why? And while explaining his reasons, he says, now here, you'll find the sickness. I want you to discover that sickness. The sickness is here. He says, moreover, he is the author of the Muslim holy scriptures, the Quran. Moreover, he is the author of the Muslim holy scriptures, the Quran. A collection of certain of Muhammad's insights. I think it's about time that you brethren, you know, stopped your your your cross-chat, otherwise we better put switch off your your machines. Because you are distracting everybody else, please. He says, moreover, he is the author of the Muslim holy scriptures, the Quran. A collection of certain of Muhammad's insights, which he believed had been directly revealed to him by Allah. You see the sickness? The sickness is, this is a collection of he is the author. Who is the author? He, Muhammad (PBUH). He is the author of the Muslim holy scriptures, the Quran. A collection of certain of Muhammad's insights. This is not revelation as far as he's concerned. Allah didn't reveal it. These are Muhammad's great thinking. So as such, he says, look, we take off our hat to the man. The man was great. A man who can create a nation and an empire and a religion, who can write a book and guide millions of people, a thousand million at the present moment, are living and dying by this word of God. He's a great man. But these are Muhammad's cleverness. He's very clever man. See, it's Muhammad's insights. He says, what he thought, he is the author. So, if Muhammad is the author, why must we follow him? We give him credit. If he's great, we say he's great. He's he's superior to Jesus. The Jew says he's superior to Moses. But why must we follow him? Muhammad is very clever. That is the sickness. Reverend Bosworth Smith, a Christian missionary, he wrote a book called Muhammad and Muhammadanism. Of course, these are wrong terms. We haven't got the time to go into the details about Muhammadanism. For some other time. He says in his book, that book I named, illiterate himself, scarcely able to read or write. He was yet the author of a book. He was yet the author of a book, which is a poem, a code of laws, a book of common prayers, and a Bible, all in one. What a tribute. This Christian missionary is paying this Holy Quran, which is a poem, a code of laws, a book of common prayers, and a Bible, all in one. And his reverence to this day by a sixth of the whole human race as a miracle of purity, of style, of wisdom, and of truth. It is the one miracle claimed by Muhammad. His standing miracle, he called it. And a miracle indeed it is. Miracle indeed it is. Why doesn't he accept Islam? Did you see the sickness? He says, he was yet the author of a book. You see, at the back of their mind, Muhammad wrote the book. So he says, look, we give him credit. It's fantastic this book. Poem, code of laws, book of common prayers, what they're using in the churches like that, serves that purpose as well. And a Bible, all in one book. And it's a miracle. He says, it's a miracle. He's the only miracle Muhammad claimed. He performed many miracles. We can go into details. We haven't got the time for that. But this is the only miracle he kept on claiming. Again and again, he says, look at the book. Look at the book. As a miracle you're looking for, look at the book. And he says, a miracle indeed it is. Why is he not accepting Islam? Because Muhammad wrote the book. See the sickness? Thomas Carlyle. He pays a tribute to our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH). He says, the word of such a man is a voice direct from nature's own heart. Men do and must listen to that as to nothing else. All else is wind in comparison. Rubbish compared to what this man is talking. All else is wind. Hot air compared to what this man is talking. Why doesn't he accept Islam? He said, again, the same thing, that he is the author of a book. Can you see the sickness? So at the back of their minds, Muhammad wrote the book. Muhammad wrote the book. So if he wrote the book, he says, well, we take off our hat to the man. But it's not necessary for us to accept his religion. We give him due credit. Now, this sickness is nothing new. This sickness existed in the time of our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH). And we find this sickness described in Surah Al-Muddathir. Chapter 74. Chapter 74, verse 25. It says,
[19:49] إِنْ هَٰذَا إِلَّا قَوْلُ الْبَشَرِ
[19:52] That these are the words of a man. The words of the Quran. People like Abu Jahl, Walid ibn Mughira, they are saying that these are the words of a man. In other words, it is Muhammad who wrote this book.
[20:08] إِنْ هَٰذَا إِلَّا قَوْلُ الْبَشَرِ
[20:10] In answer to that, Allah says,
[20:12] سَأُصْلِيهِ سَقَرَ
[20:13] So soon I'll put them into hellfire. Anybody who makes a false charge against my messenger, I'll put him into hell, Jahannam.
[20:21] وَمَا أَدْرَاكَ مَا سَقَرُ
[20:23] And what will tell you what hellfire is? What do you know what hell is? Do you know what Jahannam is? It's only a word that you have heard. Hell, hell, hell. If you really knew what hell is, you would mend your ways. These are only words that we utter. Hell. So Allah says,
[20:38] وَمَا أَدْرَاكَ مَا سَقَرُ
[20:40] And what will tell you what hellfire is?
[20:42] لَا تُبْقِي وَلَا تَذَرُ
[20:44] It leaves nothing, it spares nothing. That's what hell does. All consuming.
[20:50] لَوَّاحَةٌ لِّلْبَشَرِ
[20:51] Darkening and changing the color of man.
[20:53] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[20:55] Over it are 19. Over it are 19. Now, what is this 19? Among so many things that Allah is talking about, I'll put you into hell, I'll discomfiture you, I'll, you know, darken your faces, and I will fix you up with 19. Over it, over the charge, you say Muhammad wrote the book. Allah says, I will fix you up with 19. And it's such a simple sentence in Arabic. Anybody who knows Arabic will tell you.
[21:31] عَلَيْهَا
[21:31] means over it are
[21:33] تِسْعَةَ
[21:34] nine,
[21:35] عَشَرَ
[21:35] ten, 19. Simple, very simple. So, when our little children want to know, so daddy, what is this 19? It's such a simple sentence. How are you going to explain? So you say, well, maybe my son, you know, he's talking about hellfire. Maybe hell has got 19 gates, and the 19 gates have got 19 gatekeepers. So, 19 angels of hell. This was the standard explanation for 700 years after the revelation. Maybe these are the angels of hell. 19 angels, 19 gates, 19 gatekeepers, angels. For the first time, the great Imam Fakhruddin Razi, a commentator of the Holy Quran, he says, no. These are not angels, but these are faculties. And he got his cue from these Quranic verses,
[22:32] أَلَمْ نَجْعَل لَّهُ عَيْنَيْنِ
[22:35] Say, have we not given you a pair of eyes?
[22:38] وَلِسَانًا وَشَفَتَيْنِ
[22:40] and a pair of lips?
[22:43] وَهَدَيْنَاهُ النَّجْدَيْنِ
[22:45] And I've shown you the two broad highways. Allah is going to question us on the day of judgment, that I gave you eyes to see. Couldn't you see what happened to the people who flouted flouted the laws of God? What happened to Noah and his people? What happened to Lot and his people? What happened to Hitler's Germany? What happened to Mikado's Japan? What happened to Mussolini's Italy? And Botha's South Africa? Couldn't you see? Couldn't you learn a lesson? Were you blind? He's going to ask you. He gave you lip, mouth and lips to ask people. Could you ask people for guidance? He gave you ears. Couldn't you hear? So he gives us the five physical senses, and their intellectual counterparts, and other psychological factors, and he gives us a list of 19, and he says,
[23:30] وَاللَّهُ أَعْلَمُ بِالصَّوَابِ
[23:31] In the end, Allah knows best. This is what I think. That it means this, not the angels, but this. In our own time, Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanwi, he's passed away. He is recognized as a mujaddid on the Indo-Pakistan subcontinent. Darul Uloom Deoband, he's the father of it. Darul Uloom Jalalabad, he is the father of it. Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanwi. In his commentary, he says that these are not angels, these are not faculties, these are fundamentals. What's that? He says, the five pillars of Islam, the seven articles of faith, and the major commandments, thou shalt not kill, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not do shirk, thou shalt not commit adultery, and he gives us a list of 19. So Allah will confront you with all this. Fix you up with all this. And he also ends his beautiful tafsir by saying,
[24:26] وَاللَّهُ أَعْلَمُ بِالصَّوَابِ
[24:28] In the end, Allah knows best. Now, what are we to decide? I'm telling you, my brethren, today, that the answer to this
[24:41] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[24:43] is very simple. It needs no interpretation. These are all tafsirs. I say, it needs no tafsir. The answer is in the mouth of your little ones, your child, your son or daughter, going to school, standard two. Ask your son or your daughter, what is 19? And your child will tell you, daddy, it's 10 + 9. Am I right? What is 19? 10 + 9. I said, that's the answer. You got it. You need no interpretation. No explanation is required. 19 means 19. But how can anybody fix up anybody with 19? He says, I'll fix you up with 19. How can you fix you up with 19? I said, very easy, once you see it. While we didn't see it, we have to conjecture other guesses, somehow justify simple sentence like over it are 19. So, now once we see it, I say, so easy. And it's visual. You will be able to see it visually with your eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, you'll have to ask somebody whether this guy what he's showing you on the screen, whether it is real or whether he's imagining things. He's taking it out of his head, or are you able to prove it to yourself with your eyes, visual, with your own eyes. You'll see this miracle. And what's a miracle? The simplest definition of a miracle is an impossibility. A man is dead. You know he can't come back to life. And then comes a man, Ahmed Deedat, he says,
[26:12] قُمْ بِإِذْنِ اللَّهِ
[26:13] and the guy wakes up. He performed a miracle, right? Impossible. He was certified dead. I said, come up, and the guy got up by Allah's will. But if the man was dead for four days, perhaps stinking in his grave, as we read in the Christian Bible, Jesus did to Lazarus, that's a greater miracle. You agree? If the man died, spot dead and certified dead by some of the doctors, we have Dr. Mahate here. He certified he's dead. Take him away to the mortuary. But before they take him away, I'd make the man to wake up. So he said, Deedat is great. You know, he's performed a miracle. But if the man was dead and stinking for four days, and then Jesus comes along and says,
[26:53] قُمْ بِإِذْنِ اللَّهِ
[26:54] and if he wakes up, it's a greater miracle. You agree? See, the impossibility is increasing now. And after a thousand years, the bones have rotted in the grave, and if the man is brought back to life, greater miracle, greater impossibility. So, the greater the impossibility, the higher the miracle. Simple. A miracle is an impossible thing that can't be done. You do it, you say, it's a miracle, mu'jiza.
[27:24] So now, when this verse was revealed,
[27:28] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[27:30] over it are 19. According to tradition, the Archangel Gabriel, Jibreel (AS), he pauses. He doesn't complete the surah. We have knowledge about the shaan-e-nuzool, when the Quran is revealed, what happened, what not. So, according to that history, as soon as he said,
[27:49] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[27:53] he pauses there. And now he starts completing the balance of the first revelation. Instead of completing that surah, he starts completing the balance of the first revelation. And the first revelation was, it was in the cave of Hira, Jabal an-Nur, the mountain of light, 27th of the month of Ramadan, that the Archangel Jibreel comes to our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH) and commands him in his mother tongue,
[28:18] اقْرَأْ
[28:19] read, or proclaim, or recite. And he says,
[28:22] مَا أَنَا بِقَارِئٍ
[28:23] I'm not learned. So the angel commands him a second time,
[28:25] اقْرَأْ
[28:26] read. He says,
[28:27] مَا أَنَا بِقَارِئٍ
[28:28] Third time, the angel presses him hard and he says,
[28:32] اقْرَأْ بِاسْمِ رَبِّكَ الَّذِي خَلَقَ
[28:35] So read in the name of thy Lord and Cherisher who created. So our Nabi says,
[28:40] اقْرَأْ بِاسْمِ رَبِّكَ الَّذِي خَلَقَ
[28:42] خَلَقَ الْإِنسَانَ مِنْ عَلَقٍ
[28:44] says, created man out of a mere clot of congealed blood. So he says,
[28:48] خَلَقَ الْإِنسَانَ مِنْ عَلَقٍ
[28:50] اقْرَأْ وَرَبُّكَ الْأَكْرَمُ
[28:52] So read and thy Lord is most bountiful. So he says,
[28:54] اقْرَأْ وَرَبُّكَ الْأَكْرَمُ
[28:55] الَّذِي عَلَّمَ بِالْقَلَمِ
[28:57] Say, he who taught the use of the pen. So he says,
[28:59] الَّذِي عَلَّمَ بِالْقَلَمِ
[29:01] عَلَّمَ الْإِنسَانَ مَا لَمْ يَعْلَمْ
[29:03] So taught man that which he knew not. So he says,
[29:06] عَلَّمَ الْإِنسَانَ مَا لَمْ يَعْلَمْ
[29:08] These were the first five verses given to him. The history of that, you will find in a little booklet called What the Bible Says About Muhammad. Available to you absolutely free from the Islamic Propagation Centre. If you haven't got it, write for it and get it. Now, as after now, this was the first revelation. First wahy. When this verse, it's a fourth revelation was
[29:34] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[29:36] So instead of completing that, now our Nabi is given 14 more verses to that. Watch. He was given five at first. He's given 14 more. How many does that make? 19. So we are asking the atheist, the skeptic, our friendly critic, how did that happen? So, look, he just said,
[30:00] عَلَيْهَا تِسْعَةَ عَشَرَ
[30:02] and he completes a chapter with 19 verses. How did that happen? So he will tell you, it's a coincidence. You know, coincidence, it just happened. The first day, I deliver my lecture, I find Akhy there. I go to my second lecture, and I find him there again. Third one, I find him again. Every lecture, he's there. First man in the first front row. So I'm asking him, Akhy, what is happening? Are you following me or am I following you? He says, no, no, no, it just happened. It's a coincidence. So what do you mean coincidence? Man, you must be deliberately coming to the meeting to sit in the front row every meeting. No? It can't be a coincidence. He says, deliberately, somebody's planning. Either I'm planning, wherever he's going to go, I must go and stand there and deliver a lecture. Or he is planning, wherever Deedat goes, he wants to be there. Am I right? It can't be a coincidence. But first time, a thing can happen, coincidence, means the same thing happening, which you can't explain how, why.
[31:05] But I says, you know what? This first revelation is not the first chapter of the Quran. By normal human intelligence, thinking, planning, the first revelation must be the first chapter. No? But it's not the first chapter. It is the 96th chapter. Surah Al-Alaq, the first revelation is 96. I said, why 96? Because our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH), he said that Akhy Jibreel, Jibreel (AS), told him, this you put number here. So, according to his directives, the Quran is set as we have it now, before his demise, demise of our Nabi-e-Kareem (PBUH), this Quran was set exactly as it is now. Surah Fatiha first, Baqarah two, Ali Imran three, Nisa four, and on and on. It was set by him as we have it. So, according to instructions, he says, 90 this Alaq, first revelation, put 96. So he put it 96. So I'm asking, 96 out of how many? He says, 114. He says, 114, you start counting backwards. There. So Surah An-Nas, the last surah. Surah An-Nas, Surah Al-Falaq, Al-Ikhlas, Al-Lahab, An-Nasr, and you count 19. You count 19 from the end, and you find Surah Al-Alaq is 19th from the end. Interlocked with 19 verses. 19th from the end. Look, this is physical, visual. I'm not giving you any interpretation. You just open your Quran in your house. And you see there, number 96, this Quran you are buying, I didn't print them. This Quran I didn't print them. Any Quran you take up, you see there, Surah 96 is Alaq. And you see 114 surahs. You start counting backwards, 19 from the end with 19 verses. Physical, visual. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, it's a coincidence. Again? He says, it's a coincidence again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[34:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[34:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[34:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[41:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[41:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[41:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[44:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[44:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[44:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[47:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[47:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[47:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[50:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[50:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[50:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[53:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[53:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[53:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[56:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[56:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[56:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[59:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[59:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[59:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:02:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:02:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:02:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:05:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:05:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:05:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:08:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:08:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:08:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:11:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:11:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:11:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:14:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:14:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:14:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:17:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:17:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:17:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:20:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:20:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:20:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:23:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:23:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:23:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:26:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:26:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:26:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:29:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:29:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:29:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:32:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:32:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:32:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:35:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:35:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:35:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:38:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:38:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:38:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:41:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:41:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:41:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:44:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:44:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:44:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:47:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:47:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:47:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:50:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:50:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:50:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:53:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:53:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:53:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:56:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:56:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:56:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:59:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:59:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:59:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:02:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:02:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:02:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:05:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:05:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:05:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:08:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:08:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:08:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:11:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:11:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:11:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:14:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:14:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:14:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:49:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:49:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:49:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:52:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:52:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:52:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:55:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:55:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:55:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:58:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:58:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:58:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:01:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:01:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:01:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:08:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:08:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:08:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:11:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:11:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:11:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[2:14:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[2:14:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[2:14:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:52:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:52:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:52:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:55:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:55:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:55:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving you no meaning. I just just look at this pattern. Can any man or group of human beings go and write a book like this based on this pattern? And he told you, I'll fix you up with 19. Is Muhammad fixing you up with 19? No. There's somebody else. Allah (SWT). But watch. I said, all right. Discount them all. So far, we have had four or five. Discount them. Forget them. We've got so many more behind us. I says, you know, for anybody to write a book, you can't start scribbling for 23 years. Because that's what happened. From the age of 40 to 63. 40, at the age of 40, the first revelation comes, and for the next 23 years, that means he must be scribbling for 23 years. And at the end of 23 years, you think you can rehash into a book? You can't. You know, when you write a book or a booklet, like the ones I do, look, these little things here. Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. I'm sorry, they are run out. We haven't got very few. By May, inshallah, you'll get them. On the subject of this evening's talk, Al-Quran, the ultimate miracle. When I wrote this, I had to plan it. You agree? This one here is the Bible, God's word. I had to plan it. Wallah, I'm not lying to you. I had to plan it. This, what is his name? I had to plan it. What the Bible says about Muhammad, and all the books listed at the back, I had to plan each and every one before writing. You can't start scribbling, scribbling, and then at the end of it, you go and you go to the printer and say, right, print the book. You have to plan it. So if Muhammad (PBUH), if he wrote this book, the Quran, he must have planned it. Logical? Reasonable? Yes. And the guy will agree with you. The enemy will agree that he must have planned it. So I said, look, he says to himself, so to say, means he didn't really do that. But for the sake of talking, reasoning, arguing, debating, I said, he said to himself, so to say, that I'm going to write a very large book. And this book will take me 23 years. But I'll have to divide this book of mine into chapters, surahs, for easy reference and study by my followers. So, he decided upon 114 chapters. That's what it is in the Quran, in your Quran at home. Count them. 114. So I'm asking, why did he decide on 114? Why not 113? Why not 115? Why 114? Do you know why? Because 114 is an exact multiple of 19. 19 times six on the dot. If you don't know how to count, if you don't know how to multiply, get a small calculator. Count it. 19 times six on the dot. I'm asking, how did that happen? So he says, coincidence. Again? He says, yes, again. I says, you know, that first five verses in Arabic, there are 19 words. The first revelation, look, this is visual. Something you can see with your own eyes, unless you are blind. If you are blind, ask somebody who's got eyes to see. 19 words. So we are asking, how did that happen? So what does he say? What does he say? Coincidence. He can't give credit to the Holy Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) that he did the job. He is alleging that Muhammad wrote the book. I said, all right. We know he didn't write it, but you say he wrote it. I said, right, he wrote it. I want you to keep on telling me that he did the job then. If he wrote it, then he did this job. Because if you say he did it, by the time I finish off with you, you will have to admit that this man, Muhammad, must be the Almighty God of this universe. He is the omnipotent, omniscient being. He is God. When he says,
[1:58:11] قُلْ إِنَّمَا أَنَا بَشَرٌ مِّثْلُكُمْ
[1:58:13] He says, I'm only a man like you. But you, if he did this job, what I'm going to show you now, visually what you see. If he did it, you'll have to start worshipping him. And he says, don't worship me, worship God. So, the only way out for this, for the skeptic, the unbeliever, the enemy is to say, it's a coincidence. And you watch how he bleats like a goat. Coincidence, coincidence, coincidence. Watch.
[1:58:41] I says, you know, those 19 words, those 19 words, are 76 letters in Arabic. Divide by 19. 19 times four on the dot. That first revelation are 19 words, and those 19 words are 76 letters. 19 times four, exact multiple of 19. So, how did that happen? What does he say? Coincidence. He's bleating like a goat. Can't you see? Again coincidence. Look, first time, possible. Second time, impossible, improbable. Third time, impossible. Fourth time, man is going beyond now your logic. The same thing happening again and again and again. This is something visual. You can see with your own eyes. I'm not giving you any interpretation. No, no meaning. I'm giving