Subhan Allah Wa Alhamdu Lillah Wa La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah. We praise God
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no other god beside the one God.
Are we gonna have fun today? I'm giving 3 KHUTBAHs on behalf of three people.
I'm giving KHUTBAH on behalf of Edip and a KHUTBAH on behalf of Soad and a KHUTBAH on behalf of Saeed Talari from Newhampshire.
I'm presenting to you some things that they discovered in the last week. And they're all fantastic. You have all witnessed
the last month or so the miracle of miracles. We witnessed the
miracle of miracles that has to do with the first SURA in the Quran and the five daily prayers.
And just a quick review. This miracle of miracles begins with the number of units of our prayers.
The Morning is 2 units. The Noon is 4 units. The Afternoon is 4 units. The Sunset is 3
units and the Night prayer is 4 units. And this is a multiple of 19. The sequence
and specific numbers have to be this way. More... More sophisticated than this is you put
the two units of the morning and then you put two Fãtehahs. Now the asterisk can be any
representation of SURA number one. For example, this is one of them. This representation of SURA
one includes the number of the SURA, one, the number of verses in the SURA which is 7
the number of words... letters in the whole SURA, 139 and the gematrical value of all the letters
added up. The whole SURA. This means you take the value of every letter add it up and you get
one hundred... ten thousand forty three. Put them next to each other like this you have a multiple of
nineteen. And this is what the asterisk is. Or you can make it more complicated than this by
putting the gematrical value of every individual letter. You can also add the gematrical values
of the whole verse. You can add the number of verses... excuse me, the number of letters in every verse
and so on. All of them... these representations are multiples of 19 and all of them can be used here.
So, just think of this as Al-Fãtehah or SURA number 1. Any of these numbers can represent SURA number
one. So, you put the two units of the morning prayer followed by two Fãtehahs and then the four
units of the noon prayer followed by 4 Fãtehahs and then the four units of the afternoon prayer
followed by four of this number or any other number representing Al-Fãtehah. The sunset prayer is three
units followed by three Fãtehahs and then the night prayer is 4 units followed by 4 Fãtehahs.
We... we tried... we... we really tested this very hard and we... as you'll see, we even imposed very harsh
conditions and still God gives us multiples of 19. One of the most profound conditions
was to reverse the numbers from right to left. There was one representation of... of SURA Al-Fãtehah
that can be used in there as to replace the asterisk. Like I said you can use any number
representatives of SURA number one. Here's one of them and I just wanna give you
how an example of how we stretch it too far and God goes along with us, gives us
multiples of 19, still. You put the number of the SURA, 1, the number of the first
verse is 1, the number of letters in the first verse is 19. The gematrical value
of the first 786, verse number 2 has 17 letters and the value is 581
Verse number three... now this is one continuous
number, remember that... verse number three has 12 letters
And the value of 6 1 8.
verse number four has 11 letters and the value is 241, verse number 5... we're still continuing...
has 19 letters and the value is 836, verse number six has 17 letters and the value is
1072, the gematrical value. The last verse number seven has 43 letters
and the value is 6 0 0 9. OK. This... this is almost all the parameters of SURA number
one, the number of the SURA, the number of every verse followed by the number of letters in every
verse followed by the value of every verse. OK. This number is a multiple 19. It also
it consists of 38 digits, nineteen times two. So, what we did, we reversed this order
backward, every component we put this at the beginning and then this after which is a crazy
way of doing it but some Arabs will use that as an excuse. They say we write from
right to left. Well, still came out a multiple of 19. So, this is really the miracle of miracle.
Now, Saeed Talari... OK. Some smart-aleck, most probably an Arab will...
will tell you why did they make it 2 SUJUDs in every unit? Why not 3 or 4?
We do 1 RUKU'. This is RUKU', per unit and we make 2 SUJUDs per units. So, this smart-aleck
a disbeliever will tell you why do you make 1 RUKU' and 2 SUJUDs? And God is ahead of them.
So, this is Saeed Talari's discovery because... from New Hampshire... here's what Saeed did.
In the five prayers... in the five prayers, we read only one SURA which is SURA number one.
OK. Now, prayer number one; what do we do in prayer number 1? Here's prayer number 1.
What do we do? We read 2 Fãtehahs, right? And we make 2 RUKU's
2 bowings, 4 prostrations, 1 TASHAHUD, right?
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
OK. Now. We get to prayer number two. What do you do in prayer number two?
We read 4 Fãtehahs, we make 4 RUKU's, we make 8 SUJUDs, and we read 2 TASHAHUDs
in the sitting position. Then, we get to the third prayer, prayer number three where we read for 4 Fãtehahs
four RUKU's, 8 SUJUDs, 2 TASHAHUD. Oh, excuse me this is 3.
That's right. That's right.
Then, we go to prayer number 4 where we read 3 Fãtehahs... see the changes in number?
And this is the only way it will be divisible by 19. We read 3 Fãtehahs, we make 3 RUKU's, 6 SUJUDs, 2 TASHAHUD.
And the night prayer is number 4... is number 5. Excuse me.
In it, we read 4 Fãtehahs, we make 4 RUKU's, 8 SUJUDs, 2 TASHAHUD.
This is a multiple 19. So, it pins down how many RUKU's, how many SUJUDs in every prayer, in the 5 prayers.
Now, is this miraculous or is this miraculous? We were very happy. We were... we were very happy about
this except we have in this mosque a troublemaker called Edip. We'll have one more in about seven
months. I mean, how we're gonna handle it. This troublemaker said why... Well, see, we have to be ahead of
the rascals of the... of the Arabs and the disbelievers. So, this is... we do this on purpose. So, it's a fantastic service.
He said we read SURA number one. They will say why don't you put it before every prayer? And then he went home.
And he left Mahmood... and he left Mahmood to struggle with it. So, what Mahmood did... he put
one. OK. Here is SURA... prayer number two. He put one here. So, now we have the SURA
number ahead of every prayer. This is prayer number one. This is prayer number two
he put 1, the SURA that we read in the noon prayer. Before the ASR prayer, he put 1.
Yeah. This is the third prayer.
In the fourth prayer, he also put 1. And before the fifth prayer, he put 1. This excuse was that we read SURA number
one in every prayer. So, why don't we put 1 there? God said OK. It's divisible.
SUBHAN ALLAH.
It's really incredible
because when you have a number like this...
OK. this number... this number is divisible by 19. This is 8.
OK. This number is divisible by 19 if you add one, it's not divisible anymore.
if you put... if you put it anywhere else here, it's not divisible by 19.
I mean, if you change it, you have a completely different number when you add 1.
So, these are all physical impossibilities but God made them possible.
I hope there are no scientists sitting here thinking how can physical impossibilities be possible.
Edip: I think if you put anywhere else these 4 one, it will not be divisible.
The messenger: Of course not. If you... if you put a one here or here. Put it anywhere else...Yes.
There's been a flood of miracles in the last month and to use Catherine's expression
We are light years ahead of the rest of the world because it's gonna
take them quite a few years to catch up with these.
I mean, after 50 years, they'll say...It'll take them maybe this much.
OK. This is Saeed Talari's discovery with Edip Yuksel's challenge and discovery.
I have to go a little faster. Edip's discovery.
The... the disbelievers, normally Arabs have been giving us rough time about Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem.
Is it nineteen letters or not? Of course, it is 19 letters. I keep telling them what your eyes see you
count. They say oh, there is a stress in this letter, we must count it twice. Like Muhammad (محمد), the whole Muslim
world wrote it 4 letters. Muhammad (محمد). They say since you stress the second M, you must write Muhamamad (محممد).
Then, there are 5 letters instead of 4. Even their Idol, they mess up with his name. So, what Edip
discovered is that when you read SURA AL-HAMD, Al-Fãtehah. SURA number one, your lips meet exactly
19 times. Now, this has nothing to do with the spelling or or how many letters or stress or
anything. This really nullifies their excuse. For example, when we say BISM. That's 2. Let's say it together.
BISM that is... that is 2. Here is BISM. ALLAH. AL-RAHMAN. There is 1. AL-RAHIM. There is 1. AL-HAMD. There is 1.
LILLAH. RAB. There is 1. AL-ALAMIN. There is 1. AL-RAHMAN. AL-RAHIM. MALIK. YAWM. AL-DIN.
IYYAKA NABODO WA IYYAKA NASTA'IN. IHDINA AL-SIRATA AL-MOSTAQIM. 2 of them. MOSTAQIM. SIRATA AL-LAZINA
AN'AMTA ALAYHEM. QAYR AL-MAQDHUB ALAYHEM WA LA ZALLIN. How many are these?
These's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17.
Hold it.
BISM. ALLAH. AL-RAHMAN. AL-RAHIM. AL-HAMD-O LILLAH. RAB. AL-ALAMIN.
AL-RAHMAN. AL-RAHIM. MALIK. YAWM. AL-DIN. IYYAKA
No.
BISM. ALLAH. AL-RAHMAN. AL-RAHIM. AL-HAMD-O LILLAH. RAB. AL-ALAMIN. AL-RAHMAN. AL-RAHIM. MALIK. YAWM.
AL-DIN. IYYAKA NABODO WA IYYAKA NASTAIN. IHDINA AL-SIRAT AL-MOSTAQIM. SIRATA AL-LAZINA AN'AMTA ALAYHEM.
QAYR AL-MAQDHUB ALAYHEM WA LA ZALLIN.
AL-MAQDHUB is 2. OK. Because there are... watch this! 4 Bs and 15 Ms.
In the Arabic language, these are the only letters
where... where your lips meet. The B and the M. In English or in Farsi, there's also P.
The letter P as in... as in...
It has to be Pill, backward. OK. The B... the value of B is 2 and the value of M is 40 in Arabic.
So, 15 times 40 is 600 and 4 times 2 is 8. The total 608. It's also a multiple of 19.
How do you like that? These miracles come in pairs. They have no excuse.
Oh, okay. Now, we get to Soad's discovery
Edip: Second KHUTBAH, Rashad.
Soad numbered the alphabet in a conventional manner. That is from 1 to 28. We have 28 letters in
alphabet. She counted 1 to 28. The gematrical value is when you get to 10, you don't count
11. You go to 20. 10 20 30 40... and when you get to 100, you don't go to 101. You go 100 200 300. Then, 900 1000.
Our system was 1 2 3 all the way to 28 which was used by Lisa also couple of years ago. OK. She... she looked at the word Nooh (نوح)
Noah in Arabic. The value of N is 14.
Excuse me. I didn't mean to write so small. 14 and the U or WOW in Arabic is 6 and the H or the HA is 8.
It gives 28, the value of Noah. Now, if you look in the Quran to SURA Noah, you'll find that it consists of 28 verses.
OK. Now, she went to Abraham.
And she found that the A is 1. The B is 2. The R is 20.
The A is 1. The HA is 5. The I, here, EBRAHIM is 10. And the N is 40. This is 42.
What? Oh, excuse me. 40 is the gematrical value. It's 13. Confused the two systems.
The total of IBRAHIM is 52 and this is the number of verses in SURA IBRAHIM. How do you like that?
OK. Then, she went to Muhammad and the M is 13. The HA is eight. Same letters as here, see? And then
thirteenth is the other M and the D is 4. The total is 38. This is the number of verses in SURA Muhammad.
How do you like that? So, she calculated the value of NOOH. It was 28 which is the number of verses
in SURA NOOH in the Quran. She calculated IBRAHIM... IBRAHIM, the value is 52 and this is the number of
verses in SURA IBRAHIM. She calculated Muhammad. The value is 38. This is the number of verses
in SURA Muhammad. And then she found out... that was this morning... that SURA NOOH is number 71 in the Quran
IBRAHIM is SURA number 14. What is the difference?
57. 19 times 3 which means between the two SURAs, Noah and Abraham, 57 SURAs and outside
also 57 SURAs and then she calculated Rashad Khalifa and the total came to 114.
There's no SURA in the Quran whose verses are 114. 114 is the whole Quran.
So, she concluded that Rashad's job is to confirm all 114 SURAs.
Tooboo Ela Allah, repent.
Alhamdu Lillah. We praise God
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no other god besides the one God. We pray to God that
He guides us to appreciate His miracles because these are awesome miracles that will cause mountains
to crumble, literally. This is what God says and makes our hearts tremble. In this KHUTBAH,
I want to
share with you that God is using me as an example for all of us and to teach all of us.
So, I want to say that I'm a happy guinea pig. God is
using... using me as an experiment in a profound way. You read in SURA
41 that those who believe in God and lead a righteous life, the Angels descend on them saying
what? Douglas, what do the angels say to the believers? Have no fear and no grief. This is your favorite verse.
They also say peace. Yeah. That's another SURA... another SURA. No fear and no grief.
(41:30) لَّا تَخَافُوا۟ وَلَا تَحْزَنُوا۟
In Arabic. Have no fear no grief. And we had a profound example in the last two weeks.
Do you remember what I talked about last time when I was here? Anybody remembers? Yes. about
the righteous do not die. Dr. Sabahi remembers. I'm sure all of you remember. The KHUTBAH was
a revelation. It started with a question from Lisa as to what happens to righteous and as you know in the
Quran, God repeats YASLOONAKA they ask you QOL say They ask you. Say. When a question is posed
God sends the revelation through Gabriel to tell us what the answer is or if we are speculating
then God will send Gabriel with assurance as to what is the correct answer to the question.
So, I shared with you last time that the righteous do not die. They go straight to
Heaven and I wrote it down in the Perspective and I mailed it to everybody. So, even yesterday...
Was it yesterday or the day before yesterday, the Saudi guy calls from Chicago?
The day before yesterday, he called and talked to me for an hour and sarcastically he said
Okay. What was Gabriel's latest revelation? He was ridiculing and mocking. I thought the last
revelation Gabriel came was that the righteous do not die. They go straight to Heaven
and after I finished talking with him. This was quite a reminder.
Then, I called Egypt and I found out that my mother went to
Heaven on Monday which is the day that Soad made that discovery.
And she considered it to be the happiest day of her life. It's an assurance from God. He sent the
angel. He says Have no fear. Have no grief. And then, you know that your mother made it to Heaven.
She didn't die. She simply... also the information that I got are very assuring. OK. She tells the
servant go make me a cup of tea. Servant comes back in two minutes and she's gone. So, she's in a good
mood. You usually ask for a cup of tea when you're perfectly happy. You're gonna sip the tea, watch the TV
or something. And if you remember what I told you in the last KHUTBA. I said the angels come and
invite the righteous person to go to Heaven and says yeah! Really?! They go. They probably told her you're not gonna wait
for the cup of tea? What?! Are you kidding?! So, there were many many many strange signs that happened to assure me. OK.
In order to do the funeral prayer, they went to the mosque and in that mosque, there were only two believers that we know
and one of them at least would be here for the conference in September.
His name is Mustafa Sherbat.
They... they already pushed a known KAFIR to lead the prayer, you know a disbeliever whom I know
also, an idol worshipper and then Mustafa... Oh, Mustafa opened the Quran when he went
in and the verse that came out was God cites the example of Pharaoh's wife.
That's an example of the believers, Pharaoh's wife. She prayed to God please build a mansion for me
in Paradise with You and save me from the wicked people. So, that was the verse he read. This is the
first sign. And then Mustafa said I don't know why all of a sudden they put the other
guy and they pushed me and to lead the prayer. So, Mustafa, a believer, went in to lead the
prayer. We're gonna have a prayer immediately after the Friday prayer. We'll have a prayer for her.
So, a believer was chosen to lead the prayer and he said... now this embarrasses me a little bit but
I have to say it. I'm sharing it with you. But he said the intention that came out I didn't want to say it
I had no intention of saying it but this is how it came out. He said
نویت مصلی علی روح ام عبدک و رسولک رشاد خلیفه
This is what came out of his mouth. He said I intend to
pray for the soul of the mother of your servant and your messenger Rashad Khalifa. Mustafa is a
believer anyway, but he said he had no intention at all of saying this. OK. So, they go for the
burial and they made ZIKR around the... after the burial and they're both, the two believers, Mustafa and Sharif,
They told me on the phone we were amazed at the number of La Elaha Ella Allah that we said around her.
They were just saying La Elaha Ella Allah for about an hour and nothing else. Just La Elaha Ella Allah. So, what I'm saying is
that God is teaching us through one of us cause that, of course, the unbelievers who will say oh, he wrote
this because his mother died. Whatever they're gonna say. But we you... we know that I said it
last Friday, two weeks ago and I printed it and I mailed it and after this, we hear the news.
So, the angels, literally, the angels come down to you and tell you have no grief and have no fear.
I think I have to mention my father here who was... I tried with him very hard to believe but
he refused to believe. The family had decided to bury my mother with my father. He decided
and She decided. Everyone decided. But my father is an idol now himself by his followers. And
I know for a fact... there's something else... that he died as a disbeliever and I was taken from here
literally... taken... carried from here to there just before he died to give him the last warning even
though I didn't intend to. I had no intention of talking to him about religion, but he insisted.
And I... God let me know that he died as a disbeliever. God also let me know that my mother died as a
believer. I think I failed to mention this but all her life since I was 2 years old, I heard her say to
my father those saints are helpless and powerless. They're dead. Only God can help you, God alone.
She was saying. She was saying God alone all her life. So, I... I know for a fact that she's a believer and this
all fits the... the total picture. So, when they went to bury her according to the family's wishes
his followers or idol worshipers who want to build a mausoleum around him and worship him, they didn't
want anybody else with him. They think... they thought that she will pollute the grave or something. So, God saved her
from that situation and she's buried with her mother whom I know also to be a believer. It's just
all the things that happened are just fantastic. Now, here is the trick. When my father died, I was
sad because he died as a disbeliever and he is a man I loved very much. When he died, I was sad. When my
mother died, I'm happy, I was happy because of what God sent down that the righteous do not die. They
go on to... to Paradise. So, immediately after the Friday prayer, we will pray the two RAK'ATs of the
funeral... you know how to do it now because of Maya's circumstances. Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
If you want to mention a name, you can just say Rashad's mother. God will know what you're doing, but her name is Zeynab.