In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful

Muslim Perspective

Monthly Bulletin of United Submitters International	***	
Proclaiming the only religion acceptable to God

April 1987	
[No 27]

Sha'ban 1407

Editor: Rashad Khalifa, Ph.D.

 
THE NEW TRANSLATION
TELL ME HOW YOU LIKE IT
The Opener (Al-Fatihah) 1:1-7                                                               1
Chapter 1: The Opener.
Sura 1: Al-Fatihah.
1. In the name of God,
    the most gracious,
    the most merciful. *

2. Praise be to God,
the Lord of all beings.

3. The most gracious,    
the most merciful.

4. Master of the Day of
Judgment.

5. You alone we worship;
You alone we ask for help.

6. Guide us in the straight path;

7. the path of those whom You blessed;
not of those who incur wrath,
nor the strayers.

Quran Arabic, Sura 1

* 1:1 This opening statement is the foundation upon which a miraculous numerical code is built. It was decreed by the Almighty author of the Qur’an that this code, which pervades the whole book, should remain a divinely guarded secret for 14 centuries (see 25:4-6, 10:20 & 15:87). The unveiling of the Qur’an’s secret code constitutes the most significant development in the history of religions since the revelation of this Final Scripture. For it not only provides the first tangible proof of divine authorship, but also the first physical evidence for the existence of God. There is no greater testimony than God’s own assertion that the Qur’an’s mathematical composition is “one of the greatest portents” (see 74:35). Because this monumental development has occurred in the course of preparing this translation, it represents divine approval and authorization of this translation. It is God’s law, as stated in 56:79 for example, that no one can attain anything from the Qur’an, let alone the Qur’an’s secret code, without authorization.

This verse consists of 19 Arabic letters, and 19 is the common denominator throughout the Qur’an, as well as previous scriptures (see Introduction). Every word in the opening statement (1:1) is mentioned in the Qur’an a number of times which is consistently a multiple of 19. Thus; the first Arabic

THEIR FAVORITE QUESTION
MUSLIM HADITHISTS CHALLENGE GOD
They ask: “If the Qur’an is complete, perfect and fully detailed [as the Qur’an claims in 6:19, 38, 114-115; 7:52; 41:3; & 50:45,], where in the Qur’an can we find the number of Rak’aas (units) in each contact prayer; where in the Qur’an can we find that the noon prayer, for example, consists of four units?”

The strange thing is that the people who ask this challenging question invariably state first that the Qur’an is complete and fully detailed. But then, they add the conjunction “but” and proceed to ask their famous question shown above.

When they say: “Show me in the Qur’an that the noon prayer consists of four Rak’aas,” the response that stumps

them is: “Show me in Hadith or Sunna that the noon prayer consist of four Rak’aas.” Their fanatic opposition to the fact that the Qur’an is all we need blinds them and causes them to forget that Hadith & Sunna do not provide any details of the contact prayers (Salat).

In their desperate attempt to challenge God and reject the perfection of the Qur’an, they say, “There is a Hadith that says: “Pray as you saw me pray.” After acknowledging that they never saw the Prophet pray, they proceed to claim that this Hadith covers all five daily prayers. Because they refuse to believe God’s repeated assertions that the Qur’an is complete, perfect and fully detailed, and because God has

forbidden them from understanding the Qur’an (see 17:45-46 and 18:57)’ they fail to realize that the Qur’an says: Pray, give Zakat charity, fast during Ramadan, and observe Hajj pilgrimage as you saw Abraham do. This Qur’anic fact is found in 22:78, 21:72 – 73, 2:187, and 22:26-27. In fact, the Prophet Muhammad is commanded in the Qur’an to follow the practices of Abraham (please see 16:123).

Thus, the Hadithist Muslims believe the fabrication “Pray as you saw me pray” which is falsely attributed to Muhammad, and reject God’s words that came out of Muhammad’s mouth commanding us to worship as Abraham worshiped (please see 2:135).

FIRST DAY OF RAMADAN IS APRIL 29
May 27 will be the last day of Ramadan.
Some Muslims see the moon with their eyes; some see it with binoculars, and we at Masjid Tucson, in this day and age, see it with the computer. We can find out exactly when Ramadan will begin 50 or 100 years from now.

A new moon declares the advent of a new lunar month. This is the basis for the Islamic lunar calendar. We learn from the Qur’an, and from science, that the Almighty Creator has designed the sun and the moon to run in their orbits according to predictable precision. During the last 10 years, we have had a perfect record as far as the beginnings and ends of Islamic months are concerned, while other “Islamic” groups in Tucson and around the world have an almost perfect record for getting them wrong.

They have a perfect record of fighting amongst themselves about the beginnings and endings of Ramadan EVERY YEAR.

With only a few days left before the beginning of intensive worship and fasting, you better prepare yourself with a good supply of QUR’AN ENJOYMENT material. You will be missing real joy and spiritual ecstasy. We have three exceptionally beautiful units recited by the King of Reciters, Sheikh Mustafa Ismail. The first unit has Sura 22, Verses 1-29. The second unit has all of Sura 31 plus 79:15 – end and 96:1-9. The third unit has Sura 16 from the beginning to Verse 32.

With the tape cassettes you receive a booklet with the

English transliteration going exactly with the reciters, so you can follow the beautiful Arabic chanting without missing a single letter.

Also included is the Arabic text of the Qur’an and the English meanings right under the English transliteration. The reciter pauses once or twice during each verse. This will give you ample time to read the English meanings and learn both the Qur’an and the Arabic language. This is really a must for every Muslim. I will make more units as the demand for these exceptionally enjoyable units increases. Place your order today by calling our toll-free number 1-800-99- ALLAH.

The Heifer (Al-Baqarah) 2:34-38                                                        11
Satan Exposed

34. Then we said to the angels, “Fall prostrate before Adam.” They fell prostrate, except Satan; he refused, and became arrogant; he turned unappreciative.	Quran Arabic, Sura 2, Verse 34
35. Then we said, “O Adam, live with your wife in Paradise and eat therefrom generously as you please. But do not approach this one tree, lest you become transgressors.”	Quran Arabic, Sura 2, Verse 35
36. However, the devil duped them and caused their eviction therefrom. Consequently, we said, “Go down * as enemies of one another. On Earth shall be your habitation and provision for awhile.”	Quran Arabic, Sura 2, Verse 36
37. Then Adam received from his Lord words, * whereby He redeemed him. He is the redeemer, the merciful.	Quran Arabic, Sura 2, Verse 37
38. We said, “Go down therefrom, all of you. * When guidance comes to you from Me, those who follow My guidance will have nothing to fear, nor will they grieve.	Quran Arabic, Sura 2, Verse 38
* 2:36 & 2:38 The use of the Arabic plural form here, rather than the two-persons form, indicates that the order is issued to all humans (Adam and Eve and their descendants) and all Jinns (Satan and his descendants).

* 2:37 Adam had to utter specific words, given to him by God, in order to be redeemed. Similarly, we can make daily contact with our Creator only by uttering the specific words given to us by God, namely, Sura Al-Fatihah (1:1-7) [see Footnote * * 2:3].

