In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful

Muslim Perspective

Monthly Bulletin of United Submitters International	***	
Proclaiming the only religion acceptable to God

December 1987	
[No 35]

Rabi II 1408

Editor: Rashad Khalifa, Ph.D.

Shooting typewriter
Reprinted from a handbook published by AI’s West German Section.

SAUDI PLOT BACKFIRES:
EGYPT’S JOURNALISTS RISE UP TO DEFEND DR. AHMAD SUBHY MANSOUR
Here is how the Saudi plot went:

1.  Corrupt Saudi King Fahd sends the head of Satan’s official agency, Rabitat Al-‘Aalam Al-Islami, (World “so-called” Muslim League), Dr.  Abdullah Naseef, with a few million dollars, to Egypt.

2.  Naseef meets President Hosny  Mubarak on November 14, 1987 and expresses Saudi’s great fear that a new kind of revolution is brewing, namely, the blessed revolution against idolatry; the revolution to worship God alone and restore Islam to God’s true religion.

3. Egyptian secret police arrest Dr. Ahmad Sobhy Mansour on November 19. *

* Dr.   Ahmad Sobhy Mansour, Professor of Islamic History at the famed Al-Azhar University, was divinely guided to the conclusion that the Islam being practiced today in the “Muslim” world has nothing to do with the Islam preached by Muhammad. Thus, Dr. Ahmad Sobhy Mansour is the first divinely guided “official” ‘Aalim (religious scholar), from the heart of Al-Azhar, who fearlessly declared the truth. Needless to say, this phenomenon, having an ‘Aalem preach the truth, immensely disturbed the fossilized ‘Ulema of the false Islam. 

4. Egyptian authorities tell Dr. Mansour that he will be freed, on condition that he never writes any books again!!!!

5. Dr. Mansour, whose name tells the whole story (Mansour means one who will be victorious), rejects this conditioned “freedom” and refuses to leave the prison.

6. Egypt’s most outstanding journalists, including Jalaluddin Hamamsy, write editorials deploring the unjust arrest     of Dr. Mansour, and demanding his immediate and unconditional release, with guaranteed freedom to write whatever he wants.
7. The persecution of Dr. Mansour makes him a martyr in the eyes of those who are just. Consequently, the public      has risen up in rebellion against this flagrant abuse of human rights. Thousands of Egyptians who read Dr. Mansour’s books, plus untold thousands of sympathizers came to recognize Dr. Mansour’s truthful message,

and telegrams poured into President Mubarak’s office from the world over demanding Dr. Mansour’s freedom of expression. Now, President Mubarak has an ethical choice to make: shall he please the Saudis, or please God? May God inspire him to make the right choice.

8. The more that the Saudi authorities, and all Satan’s soldiers, kick and scream, the deeper they sink into the abysmal pit of failure.

They are trying to put out God’s light with their mouths, but God insists that His light

shall be perfected, in spite of the idol worshipers. [Qur’an 9:32, 61:8].

This whole plot was finally triggered by the first book we published in Egypt, as announced in the MUSLIM PERSPECTIVE of September 1987. The book denounced the worship of Muhammad against his will, proclaimed the truth from the Qur’an, declared that the Qur’an is complete, perfect, and fully detailed, and announced the message of the Qur’an (and our own principle):

ONE GOD … ONE BOOK … ONE NATION.

ONE GOD                 ONE BOOK                 ONE NATION

THIRD INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE
OF THE UNITED ISLAMIC NATION
TO BE HELD August 12, 13, & 14, 1988
SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA   IN SHAA ALLAH
The first day of the new Islamic Year 1409 will be Saturday. August 13th, 1988. The Conference will open with      the Friday Khutbah by Dr. Ahmad Subhy Mansour, entitled:   ONE GOD … ONE BOOK … ONE NATION. 
    	
This time, we will meet, lecture, pray, eat, and sleep at the conference site. In the past, some of us were able to go home and come back for the lectures; many of us were so late, they missed some lectures. This time, we will be meeting far away from civilization, and no one will miss any lectures.

    	As usual, attendance will be by invitation only. Please send for your official invitation as soon as possible. The cost of food and lodging is a bargain; only $100.00/person for the three days, and 200.00/family. We will send to you a map and program details upon receipt of your conference fees.

SUZANNE RAMADAN DISCOVERS
NEW MIRACLE OF QUR’AN FEATURES
Ihsan, AKA Suzanne Mamodesene, discovered that the basic pillars of Islam – worshiping God alone, Salat, fasting, Zakat, & Hajj occur in suras & verses whose numbers add up to multiples of 19:

Like the Old Testament and the New Testament, the Koran’s First Commandment is to worship God ALONE. This crucial word, in Arabic “Wahdahu” occurs in

four chapters, and when we add the numbers of these four chapters, plus the numbers of the verses where the word Wahdahu occurs, the total comes to 361, or 19x19.

* The crucial first commandment of the Koran is represented by the word ONE when referring to God. This occurs in the Koran precisely 19 times.

* The grand total of the numbers of all the chapters and

verses where the key words ONE (Waahed) and ALONE (Wahdahu) occur is 1425, or 19x75.

The Koran teaches that Islam is built on five basic pillars:

  (i) Testifying that God is ONE;
  (ii) observing the contact prayers (Salat) five times daily;
(iii) fasting during Ramadan: (iv) Zakat; and (v) pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj) for those who can afford it.

* As shown above, the words of the first commandment, ONE and ALONE conform with the code. The other essential “pillars” of Islam, i.e., prayer, fasting, charity, and pilgrimage, occur in the Koran 67, 6, 32, and 9 times, respectively. These numbers add up to a total of 114, or 19x6.

* When the numbers of chapters and verses where the word

“Salat” (contact prayers) occurs are added up, the total is found to be 4674, or 19x246.

When the numbers of chapters and verses where the word “Seyam” (fasting) occurs are added up, the total is 1387, or 19x73.

* When the numbers of chapters and verses where the word “Zakat” (charity) occurs are added up, the total is not a multiple of 19; it is 2395, which is higher than the multiple by only 1. But then, the equivalent total for the word

“Hajj” (pilgrimage) is 645, which is lower than the multiple by 1. This means that the numbers of chapters and verses containing the words “Zakat” and “Hajj”, together, add up to a multiple of 19, namely, 3040 (19x160). Since charity and pilgrimage are not obligatory on every Muslim, this mathematical pattern seems to reflect their special position among the duties proposed by the Koran.

[See the full details in the 38-Page Summary of the Miracle, now available for $2.85.]

A MUST FOR YOUR LIBRARY!!!
THIS BOOK CHALLENGES, INFORMS AND INSPIRES!
The evidence presented in this book comes mainly from the Bible,
especially the New Testament. Thus, you will debate with your
Christian friends using their own respected and beloved scripture.

 

 
JESUS
 
       Lisa Spray
 

 

266 Pages       $10.00

 

 

 
  MIRACLE
OF
QUR’AN  
 
 
Summary
------------------------------------

UPDATED TO DECEMBER 5, 1987

 

 

REPRINTED FROM
THE BOOK ENTITLED
“JESUS”
BY
Lisa Spray

 

38 Pages                                  $2.85

 
PROPHECY FULFILLED
3 Governments Fell
Who Are The Next 3 ?
In the September 1985 issue of MUSLIM PERSPECTIVE, the UNITED ISLAMIC NATION was announced, and letters were sent to all kings and presidents of all “Muslim” countries inviting them to join UIN. The following point was written on Page 2 of MP:

*** Almost all present governments in the region will reject and scoff at this offer. Consequently, there will be a change of government in that region at the rate of at least governments every two years, until a government comes with the specific objective of joining UIN.
Since that time THREE GOVERNMENTS DID FALL:

(1) President Numeiry of Sudan;
(2) President Mahmoud Ali of South Yemen; and
(3) President Bourguiba of Tunisia.
 
DO YOU BELIEVE GOD?
God says: “Qur’an is complete, perfect, and fully detailed.”

