In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful

Muslim Perspective

Monthly Bulletin of United Submitters International	***	
Proclaiming the only religion acceptable to God

July 1988	
[No 43]

Dhul Qi'da 1408

Editor: Rashad Khalifa, Ph.D.

Quran 58:21, Arabic

GOD  HAS  DECREED:
“I AND MY MESSENGERS WILL WIN.”
 
In addition to numerous telephone calls from all corners of the world, the following letters were received from God's favorite creations, the extremely fortunate people who saw the truth of God's message, believers who uphold the Qur'an, the whole Qur’an,, and nothing but the Qur'an:

From Morocco: There is no coincidence in the universe; it is not coincidental that your name is synonymous with "finding the right path”.

From Turkey: To the Messenger of God. I have received the last two issues of M.P. I was expecting such announcement. You may remember that I have become aware of your commission and written to you that the root of your name is mentioned just 19 times in Qur'an. 1 had written to you that you are selected by God.

From Houston: I was born and raised in Pakistan and came to USA in 1975. Through my stay in Pakistan I could never become a believer in God because of the way Islam and being a muslim was presented through the rampant influence of Hadith in the society. I had read the Quran in Arabic (I can't understand Arabic) and twice tried to read English translations. It was God's mercy and guidance that a copy of your translation was given to me in early 1985. ...I have been reading your newsletter consistently now for more than two years and so far have not found ANYTHING I could disagree with in any of your newsletters. ...I wish you the best and promise my support to your mission as Messenger of God to spread the message all over the world.

From Sheridan, WY:Rashad Khalifa, Messenger of  God: I have decided to join God's eternal kingdom.

From New York:  I am writing in support of the work that you are doing to restore the truth of

Quran back in Islam. ...I thank you for having courage to come forth before the world, to expose all the evils of Shaytan and uphold God's truth.

From Singapore:  From the very first moment my heart did not waver. You'll find me one of your ardent supporters. ...You taught me to follow the Quran and uphold the Quran alone.

From New Jersey: I support your mission which I can understand how hard it is, especially with Muslims who have left the Qur'an. ...I really enjoyed and understood with great comfort everything you wrote concerning the religion.

From Kano, Nigeria: ...I totally believe in your teachings, and I humbly and totally submit to the will of my CREATOR, GOD ALMIGHTY who guided you to preach His message to the world.

From Sheffield, England: I have now received your personal printed "Message" proclaiming yourself as The Messenger of God, to which I have full faith and every confidence! May the Great God bless you with wisdom and power to save the few which are to be saved according to His will.

From Bombay: Please  permit  me  to convey my deepest admiration and appreciation of the work that you are doing in the cause of real and true Islam as is embodied in its one and only source, the Qur'an. May Allah reward you abundantly for your courageous crusade.

From Coimbatore, India: We are getting 'MP' regularly, including the latest Ramadan issue "God Insists." Human ego being what it is-some people are going to make an issue out of it-it's going to be a storm in a tea cup. Any way, those who may have to oppose should first disprove the Miracle of the Holy Qur'an & that's going to be a problem for them.

 

From Trinidad: Dear Brother in Islam: From the time I began to study from your Qur'an translation "The Final Scripture," it inspired in me The infinite wisdom of knowledge and I instantly turned to the One True Ever Living God, and began bowing and prostrating to Him Alone, and no other. I …have declared that I want to be a member of your Organization or community. I have pledged my service to the One True God. So book me down as a member and send me a copy of your way of Salat so that I may explain to the members of my mosque ... because our way over here is real Satanic handy work, calling upon dead men for help, while forgetting the true Living God. Allahu Akbar.

From the Philippines:  ....the whole Usrah group was shocked about your claim as the messenger of Allah, but prior to that Allah knows that I had already known and believed. Why? It's simply because you possess all the signs of a messenger, such as in 36:21 of the Qur'an, and so far, all that you prophesized became materialized. It's very Qur'anic! Others in our group are withholding judgment of your claims pending further verification (17:36).

From Sweden:Peace Rashad! Congratulations on your inevitable announcement. GLORY TO GOD. RIGHT ON. I just feel Sooo privileged to be a witness. May God reward you with His glorious presence always.

These are only excerpts from a small representative sample from the blessed deluge of support from that very special group of people who are called "Al-Muqarraboon" in the Qur'an (the elite of the elite who will be closest to God in the eternal real life).

Believers:     The Ultimate Winners

Noah

59.    We have sent Noah to his people, saying. "0 my people, you shall worship God. You have no other god besides Him. I fear for you the retribution of a profound day."

60.    The leaders among his people said, "We see that you have gone astray."

61.    He said. "0 my people. I have not gone astray, l am a messenger from the Lord of the universe.

62.    "I deliver my Lord's messages to you, and I care about you. I have learned from God what you do not know.

63.    "Is it such a wonder that a message from your Lord should come to you through a man like you? This is to alert you, and to make you righteous, that you may attain mercy."

64.    They disbelieved him, and consequently, we saved him and his followers in the ark, and we drowned those who rejected our revelations; they had turned blind.

Hud

65.    To the people of 'Aad, we sent their brother Hud. He said, "0 my people, you shall worship God. You have no other god besides Him. Would you not work righteousness?

66.    The leaders who disbelieved among his people said, "We see that you are foolish, and we believe that you are a liar."

67.    He said, "O my people, I am not foolish; I am a messenger from the Lord of the universe.

68.    I deliver to you my Lord's messages, and I honestly care about you.

69.    "Is it such a wonder that a message from your Lord should come to you through a man like you, in order to alert you? Remember that He made you successors after the people of Noah, and multiplied you in number. Be appreciative of God's blessings, that you may succeed."

70.    They said. "Do you want us to worship God alone, and discard what our parents have worshiped? Bring the doom you threaten us with, if you are truthful."

71.    He said, "You have deserved debasement from your Lord, and displeasure. Do you argue with me on behalf of idols that you made up; you and your ancestors? God never placed any authority therein. Therefore, just wait, and I too shall wait."

72.    Subsequently. we saved him and his followers with our mercy, and we wiped out those who rejected our revelations and refused to believe.
Saalih

73.    To Thamud (we sent) their brother Saalih, saying, "0 my people, worship God; you have no other god besides Him. A profound sign has come to you from your Lord. Here is God's camel as a miracle for you; you shall allow her to eat in God's earth, and do not touch her with any harm, lest you incur a painful retribution.

74.    "Remember that He made you successors after the people of 'Aad, and put you in control of the earth, building mansions in its valleys, and carving homes out of the mountains. Remember God's favors, and do not roam the earth corruptingly."

75.    The arrogant elders among his people said to their subjects who believed. "Are you sure that Saalih is sent by his Lord?" They said, "We believe in the message he brought."

76.    The arrogant ones said. "We reject what you believe in."

77.    Subsequently, they slaughtered the camel, and rebelled against the order of their Lord, and said. "Saalih, bring the doom you threaten us with if you are really a messenger.

78.    The quake then destroyed them, leaving them dead in their homes.

79.    As he left them, he said, "0 my people, I have delivered my Lord's message to you, and advised you, but you dislike anyone who advises you.”

 

 Quran 7:59-79, Arabic

80. Lot said to his people. "You commit such an abomination; no one ever has done it before.

81. "You practice sex with the men, instead of the women! Indeed, you have transgressed."

82. The only answer his people gave him was, “ Evict these people from your town; they wish to be holy.”

83. Consequently, we saved him and his family, but not his wife, for she was doomed.

84. We showered them with a miserable shower. Note the consequences for the guilty.

Shu'aib

85. And to Midyan (we sent) their brother Shu'aib, saying, "0 my people, worship God; you have no other god besides Him. A profound sign has come to you from your Lord. Therefore, you shall give full measure and weight, and do not cheat the people out of their rights, and do not corrupt the earth after it has been set in order. This is better for you, if you are believers.

86. "Do not practice highway robbery, and do not divert others from the path of God, seeking the crooked ways. And recall that you used to be few, and He multiplied you in number, and note the consequences for the wicked.

87. "Now that some of you have believed in the message I bring, while others disbelieved, wait until God judges between us. He is the best judge."

88. The arrogant elders among his people said. "We will banish you. 0 Shu'aib, and those who follow you, from our community, unless you revert to our religion." He said, " Are you going to force us?

89. "We will be inventing lies against God, if we ever revert to your religion, after God has saved us therefrom. We will never revert, unless it is the will of God our Lord. Our Lord is fully aware of all things. We trust in God. Our Lord, judge between us and our people with the truth. You are the best judge."

90. The elders who disbelieved among his people said, "If you follow Shu'aib, you will be losers."

91. Consequently, the quake destroyed them, leaving them dead in their homes.

92. It was as though those who disbelieved Shu'aib never existed. Those who disbelieved Shu'aib were the losers.
93. As he moved away from them he said, "0 my people, I have delivered to you the messages of my Lord, and advised you. How could I grieve over disbelieving people?" [7:59-93]

  

The  best way to deal with Rashad Khalifa is to ignore him.

Dr. M. T. Mehdi of the National Council of Islamic Affairs suggests to “ignore Rashad Khalifa.”

 

Quran 7:80-93, Arabic

HIRD INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE
OF THE UNITED ISLAMIC NATION
Sep. 2, 3, & 4, 1988, TUCSON
GOD  HAS  DECREED: “I AND MY MESSENGERS WILL WIN.”
Continued from page 1

THE WHOLE IDEA
Millions of people claim that they believe in God. They utter their belief due to numerous factors, such as social pressure. The majority of the confessed believers are not really believers (6:115; 12:103 & 106; 23:86; 29:61).

“Do the people think they will be left to say, ‘We believe’ without being put to the test?” 29:2.

 

Thus God will effect His formidable test to sift away the disbelievers and distinguish the true believers. The true believers will remain on God’s path to the very end; they will not, by God’s grace, drop out.

We know from the Qur’an that  messengers were never popular. Every single messenger was severely persecuted; many of them were killed.

WHY WOULD ANYONE DECLARE HIMSELF “A MESSENGER OF GOD”?

During the last ten years, I have received hundreds of threats against my life. I went to many places to lecture, or to debate with fanatic opponents, knowing that I will be killed. I am honored almost daily by verbal and written abuse.

WHY WOULD ANYONE DECLARE HIMSELF “A MESSENGER OF GOD”?  Ask yourself.

MESSENGER OF GOD

You shall know the way as if born to it.
You were.

You see through to the truth to guide us,
to let us see the straight path.

Bless the messenger and his work.
Bless his comings and goings.

God made you for Him.
May he love and keep you always near.

KAT
JUNE 3, 88

 

Quran 37:171-173, Arabic

I have given My assurances to My servants the messengers: They will surely be victorious; My soldiers will surely be the winners. (37:171-173).

Blest are those persecuted for holiness’ sake; the reign of God is theirs.

Blest are you when they insult you and persecute you and utter every kind of slander against you because of me.

Be glad and rejoice for your reward is great in heaven; they persecuted the prophets before you in the very same way. (Matthew 5:10-

 

WHEN YOU WERE A FETUS IN YOUR MOTHER’S WOMB.
SATAN WAS BILLIONS OF YEARS OLD.
AND HE SCHEMED THE PERFECT SCHEME.
TO POSSESS YOU FOR HIMSELF.
HE USED HIS BILLIONS OF YEARS OF EXPERIENCE.
TO SET A FORMIDABLE TRAP FOR YOU.
NOW, IT IS YOUR CHANCE TO ESCAPE SATAN’S TRAP....
ESCAPE FROM AN ARDENT ENEMY WHO HATES YOU.
TO YOUR ALMIGHTY CREATOR WHO LOVES YOU.
ESCAPE FROM A CHAOTIC KINGDOM OF MISERY,
TO GOD’S KINGDOM OF JOY AND ECSTACY.
IF YOU ONLY USE YOUR GOD-GIVEN MIND.
YOU CAN MAKE IT.
GOOD LUCK.

 

WHY NOT WOMEN MESSENGERS?
Men have a rough time listening to and obeying another man, even when they do accept him as God’s messenger. Can you imagine a person with a man’s ego receiving instructions from a woman messenger?

