Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
Every page of the Quran says "Worship only the Omnipotent One."
[14:19] Do you not realize that GOD has created the heavens and the earth for a specific purpose?...
Batool, stop this noise there, Batool.
A child: It's only Rachel. Rachel is only crying.
Dr. Khalifa: There we go.
She knows what she wants.
"When I sit in Mama's lap, that's it."
أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
Verse 19 of Sura 14 says,
[14:19] Do you not realize that GOD has created the heavens and the earth for a specific purpose? If He wills, He can remove you, and substitute a new creation in your place.
[14:20] This is not too difficult for GOD.
[14:21] When they all stood before GOD,* the followers said to the leaders, "We used to follow you. Can you spare us even a little bit of GOD's retribution?" They said, "Had GOD guided us, we would have guided you. Now it is too late, whether we grieve or resort to patience, there is no exit for us."
This is in the past tense to emphasize that this is actually what happened on the Day of Judgment.
As witnessed by God.
The Day of Judgment is not here yet.
But these are things... It's...
The Bible and the Quran speak in the past tense to indicate that this is a prophecy
that is sure to come to pass.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (14:20) وَمَا ذَٰلِكَ عَلَى ٱللَّهِ بِعَزِيزٍۢ
Dr. Khalifa: (14:20) وَمَا ذَٰلِكَ عَلَى ٱللَّهِ بِعَزِيزٍۢ
A man: It sounds like it's (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: No. It's not difficult at all.
Oh, I see.
A man: Because it looks easy for God.
Dr. Khalifa: No, this is, this is not difficult for God to do.
22,
[14:22] And the devil said, after the judgment had been issued, "GOD has promised you the truthful promise, and I promised you, but I broke my promise. I had no power over you;
All I did was invite you, and you accepted my invitation. Therefore, do not blame me, and blame yourselves. My complaining cannot help you, nor can your complaining help me. I have disbelieved in your idolizing me. Only the transgressors have incurred a painful retribution."
So, here is Satan finally telling his constituents "I knew you were stupid to worship me, to follow me."
So, now the people who follow him now, he points at some of them "you stupid idiots. I tricked you. You follow me?"
23,
[14:23] As for those who believed and led a righteous life, they were admitted into gardens with flowing streams. They abide therein forever, in accordance with the will of their Lord. Their greeting therein is: "Peace."
[14:24] Do you not see that GOD has cited the example of the good word as a good tree whose root is firmly fixed, and its branch is high in the sky?
So, the good word, the truth, lasts.
It has basis.
It has roots.
And 25,
[14:25] It produces its crop every season, as designed by its Lord. GOD thus cites the examples for the people, that they may take heed.
[14:26] The example of the bad word is that of a bad tree chopped at the soil level; it does not stand.
So, the bad word, the falsehood, you just blow in it and it falls down.
[14:27] GOD strengthens those who believe with the proven word, in this life and in the Hereafter. ...
And what we have is the proven word.
[14:27] ...And GOD sends the transgressors astray. GOD does what He wills.
They remove their families from God's protection. Number 28,
[14:28] Have you noted those who responded to GOD's blessings by disbelieving, and thus brought disaster upon their own families?
We talked earlier this afternoon about the souls being assigned to certain homes.
So, if the people refuse to uphold God's commandments, God will assign evil souls to their houses.
A woman: How does this apply to the belief where one parent is believing and the other is disbelieving?
A woman: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Amazingly, it works both ways. The believer will get his or her way.
But a lot of times the situation... Pardon?
A woman: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Usually, yes.
It's hard to think because...
You see, the believers get their way.
And I'm thinking of my own parents.
Where my mother was a believer, my father was not,
a heavy duty idol worshiper.
A man: A believer, like, what you mean?
Dr. Khalifa: But you see, my mother was not actively preaching, not continuously.
She was not as educated as she wished to be.
But she was just telling us always "God alone, God alone, the saints and the prophets are dead."
"You must trust in God alone, nobody else."
And she kind of gave up because we all ganged up on her, with my father.
So in other words, we didn't follow her.
So, we ended up half the kids are believers and half are disbelievers.
I should put it this way. Half are believers.
50% are believers, 10% disbeliever, and the rest are wishy-washy.
Sounds like we had a hundred kids, right?
We were only six.
But that's a very good proportion.
Three believers out of the six, and two nice ones made a firm stand, and one disbeliever.
Oh, I'm sorry. That's not right.
A man: If both parents are believers, and true believers, is that a guarantee that the children will be believers? Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Those are examples... A man: And two disbelievers, two parents are disbelievers, they can have a believing child?
Dr. Khalifa: Noah had one son that was disbeliever. We have examples in the Quran of all kinds of relatives.
Because the word guarantee is just too strong.
Generally, yes.
And in this new era, the believers will get their way.
This is a very...this is a, this is a very difficult era to believe, because of the TV, the movies, the atmosphere, the society.
It's just more, it's more difficult to believe, but at the same time it is easier to believe.
You can understand that.
There are too many distractions.
So in this new era, where the miracle is mental and everything, just God's system that
things will go the way of the believers.
So IN SHAA ALLAH, Roxana's kids, all of them will be believers. They are already, Mã Shã Allãh.
Where were we?
Yeah, we talked about... they remove their families from God's protection.
There are also examples, for example, Ibrahim was God's favorite person.
But his father, his parents, were... I don't know about his mother, but at least his father was a disbeliever,
a real bad one.
So, there are certain exceptions, at least in the past.
I was gonna mention to you Carol Poratio and her husband, for example, where their daughter
works both ways. Samira is a test for Carol and a punishment for Ehsan.
So, it works both ways.
That incident caused Carol to be a stronger believer.
It causes Ehsan to be a miserable person.
[14:28] Have you noted those who responded to GOD's blessings by disbelieving, and thus brought disaster upon their families?
[14:29] Hell is their destiny, wherein they burn; what a miserable end!
Idol Worship: The Mother of All Evil
[14:30] They set up rivals to rank with GOD and to divert others from His path. Say, "Enjoy for awhile; your final destiny is Hell."
[14:31] Exhort My servants who believed to observe the Contact Prayers (Salat), and to give (to charity) from our provisions to them, secretly and publicly, before a day comes where there is neither trade, nor nepotism.
[14:32] GOD is the One who created the heavens and the earth, and He sends down from the sky water to produce all kinds of fruit for your sustenance. He has committed the ships to serve you on the sea in accordance with His command. He has committed the rivers as well.
[14:33] He has committed the sun and the moon in your service, continuously. He has committed the night and the day to serve you.
All we can do is show our appreciation.
I watched (unintelligible).
Muhammad didn't do any of this.
Jesus didn't decide how long the night shall be or what seasons will take place.
God is the only One who controls the sun, the moon, all that.
Congratulations, God bless you.
A woman: In other words, the truth will be with only God's people.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Nothing else. Yes.
The sun is a true submitter and only God controls the sun.
The sun is very obedient.
Sunrise, sunset, sunrise, sunset.
A man: This is what Abraham discovered actually, that the sun was obedient to the higher... That's how he discovered...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, actually, he was ridiculing his people.
He was telling them "why don't you worship the one God?"
And they said "apparently we're worshiping the sun as well."
So, he was telling them "maybe this star is our God?" He was just making fun of them.
As it turns out.
Because obviously he has seen the sun, the moon, the stars before.
And also, if you read the text, he says "O my people, I disown your idolatry."
So, there's a connection between talking about the sun, the moon, the stars and his guidance.
Dr. Khalifa: Mr. Azarshahr.
Mr. Azarshahr: Yes.
I was telling to my wife (unintelligible).
Because the places we live in sometimes, day by day, it's going to get worse
for the children to grow old.
I said "Ok. I don't want to sacrifice myself, for example, like that, for example, and like that area."
However, really I don't care. I don't (unintelligible).
Anyway that I'll be able to survive, I like it. I don't care about your old (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Thank you Omar, looks so good.
Mr. Azarshahr: I'm asking to Victoria, for example, "let's go to excellent school here. Because my child can grow here. I will go to see them, pray every time."
So, what's your idea?
Because, for example, I try to, all the time I pray for my children to be, to submit to God.
My next generation, I don't know if I'll be able to see them or not.
Dr. Khalifa: Like, Remember what I told you just a few minutes ago.
You must ask him to pray with you, wherever you are, in your home. And Vicky also, tell her to do that.
Because, you know, I look at Hany and I know what... he prays with her just like an adult Hany does.
It's because they taught him to do that.
Mr. Azarshahr: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No, it doesn't matter.
Dr. Khalifa: Even if you come here, teaching him at home would be the most important thing factor.
So, you just settle wherever you're making a living, you know. Of course, in Tucson there's a big advantage.
But we will settle wherever we are making a living.
What I'm trying to say, what I'm trying to emphasize is that teaching at home is very important.
So, Mohammad is not too young to make him... gradually, gradually, he will discipline himself and stand in the prayer.
At first, he will stand for only half a Rak'at, then for one Rak'at, then for two.
And eventually he will do the whole prayer with you, and will enjoy it.
Give him some incentives, like candy and cookies and stuff.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and he's very hyper. Yeah.
Eric: (unintelligible) California.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, I don't blame him.
But wherever he goes, they are in God's hands, remember that. If you are with God and observing this, your children are in God's hands.
You don't have to worry about them.
Eric: One question.
Eric: What is the law of the Quran about a father educating his child with the hand, for instance, on the...
Dr. Khalifa: No. Eric: I didn't find it.
Eric: He said "is this actually a Satanic in that? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Don't touch your kids.
You'll be sorry.
You'll be sorry because soon they'll grow up and they'll put you to shame every time you see them.
Eric: But in the Torah...
Dr. Khalifa: If you repent, then God will fix everything.
Eric: In the Torah it says "the father who loves his son doesn't ....
How do you say it in English?
A man: the rod.
Dr. Khalifa: Make a point.
A man: the rod.
Dr. Khalifa: Everybody here, make a point that you can stand someday and you say "I never slapped my son or my daughter."
"Never beat my son or my daughter."
And if you can repent, then you erase the past and start anew.
And you can make the same claim before God.
Eric: But what does it mean then in the Torah when it says that "the father who loves his son doesn't spare the rod?"
Eric: What are...
Dr. Khalifa: Translate to English.
Say it in English.
Say it in our English.
Eric: The father who loves his son... Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Eric: ...doesn't bear the rod.
Dr. Khalifa: That doesn't tell me "beat your kids."
It means the father who loves his son never uses the rod.
Huh? Yeah?
So, it depends on how you look at it.
Eric: I mean, it's...
Eric: I don't have the Bible in English.
Dr. Khalifa: This is a... It's a satanic trick because it makes the kid hate everything that you want to promote.
If you want the kid to read the Quran and you beat them to read the Quran, they will hate the Quran.
As soon as they're out of your influence, they will curse the Quran and everything that's connected with it. I've seen it.
Eric: No, yeah, I didn't ask it from this point of view to read the Quran. I... because this is a very...
Dr. Khalifa: No, I'm just giving an example. If you beat the kid because you want him or her to sleep at 8 o'clock every night,
they will hate 8 o'clock.
Eric: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: They will connect the beating with whatever you want to promote. Eric: Yes, Rashad, Rashad, Rashad (unintelligible).
Eric: Yes, but this is not what I was trying to talk about. I was trying...
Eric: Some children are committing mischievous acts like throwing stones through the window of the neighbor's house. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Eric: And they do it repeatedly. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Eric: Or they steal bicycles. Or I don't know what they do. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Eric: And the father is trying to say "don't do that", but the kid is continuing to do it.
So, he punishes his child for having committed disobedience and destruction.
And this is a question which is very, I would say...
Dr. Khalifa: If the kid is behaving this way, it's the fault of the parents anyway.
They had in, I think it was Oprah Winfrey's show, they had a mother and a daughter.
The daughter got pregnant when she was 15. She dropped out of high school, dropped out of school and got pregnant.
And the mother was there and the daughter was there.
And Oprah Winfrey was asking "what is it that caused you to drop out of school?"
And she, and the girl said "well, I wanna be with my boyfriend."
So, boyfriend is more fun than school, this kind of thing.
So then, she turned to the mother and said "why did your daughter turn this way?"
And the mother said, turned to her and said "why did you drop out of school and go after your boyfriend and get pregnant? Why do you do these bad things when I want you to go to school and this and that?"
So, the daughter looked at the mother and said "well, you're never home and when you're fooling around with your boyfriend, this and that."
And that was on the show.
So, what I'm saying is, it's the parent's responsibility. If the mother is setting the example for the daughter...
Eric: Is there anything wrong with getting pregnant with a kid?
Eric: Maybe they got married in their way in front of God.
Dr. Khalifa: There's no such thing.
Eric: Okay.
Dr. Khalifa: You mean there's nothing wrong with dropping out of school at the age of 15 and getting pregnant?
Eric: No, I mean, school is not a compulsory thing in itself. For...
Dr. Khalifa: So, you think it's okay to drop out of school and go to the boyfriend and get pregnant without marriage?
Eric: I didn't say that without marriage. I said maybe with marriage.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, so why not get married?
Eric: I don't know if they got married. Dr. Khalifa: At 15 years old. Pardon?
Eric: Maybe they...they...
Dr. Khalifa: Why marry in secret? There's a girl 15 years old in school. She drops out, goes to her boyfriend and she marries him and gets pregnant. Why not make the marriage public?
Eric: I don't know if they made it public or not. But what I'm saying is that, Rashad, rules are such.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Eric: It's not a criteria for righteousness. I didn't find in the Quran that we have to go to school.
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe it is. You didn't read the Quran.
Eric: Maybe she was tired.
Dr. Khalifa: You didn't read the Quran.
You have to read the Quran. It tells you, we were talking about this two days ago, that the rich believer is better than the poor believer.
That's what God is saying. What does this mean?
Eric: Yeah, that's the more educated that they are. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, I will let you read it.
Eric: In many schools, they are teaching, they are indoctrinating.
Dr. Khalifa: Indoctrinating what?
Eric: Well, in materialist values and in...
Dr. Khalifa: So, do you suggest that we cancel schools?
Eric: No, we can improve schools. But if some young people drop out of school, maybe it's a reaction against that they don't believe with what is...
Eric: The schools are under chosens' control, but they don't...
Dr. Khalifa: Look at page 275.
If you read for us 75 and 76, you'll appreciate it.
Dr. Khalifa: My pillow.
You can read the Quran. When I said "you didn't read the Quran", it means you read it, but you didn't read it.
Dr. Khalifa: Because when you make a statement like that... Eric: But that's easy to say. That's easy to say.
Eric: I didn't make a statement. I made a question.
Dr. Khalifa: You said the school is not important, or it's not mandatory. Something like that.
Eric: I didn't say that knowledge is not important.
Dr. Khalifa: You said school is not.
Eric: I said that people who drop out of school can have very good reasons for it.
Dr. Khalifa: You can't get knowledge without school, that's for sure.
Eric: But I will read it.
Dr. Khalifa: It will take you 20 times as long if you wanna educate yourself outside, without school.
Eric: What? Why?
Dr. Khalifa: I've seen both.
Eric: Are you trying to say that (unintelligible) is protected?
Dr. Khalifa: I didn't say that. I said "the education in school is faster than education without school."
Eric: That is a simplistic generalization which has nothing to do... because each individual is different. And there are lots of individuals.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I've seen both examples. I've seen people who go to school and people who didn't go to school. A man: Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And when you go to school and you have 15 points, you study logic and philosophy and accounting and economics and journalism.
But if you do it on your own, it's gonna be 20 times as long.
This has been the experience. You can accumulate the experience of a hundred scholars because...
A woman: I agree because... Dr. Khalifa: There, she agrees. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: You can look at a research that did a lot of surveys, surveyed thousands of people, and come up with a conclusion.
Eric: But you see, the school is not the guarantee that you will learn the right thing. And...
Dr. Khalifa: Ignorance is?
Eric: Well, your mother, for instance, she was not that ignorant. She wanted to know more, but she told you the truth.
Eric: to worship God alone. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Eric: You see, don't mix up things like this, because the facts that you have about the school is not the guarantee that
Eric: that you will succeed in life. Dr. Khalifa: So, this proves that ignorance is good.
Eric: No, I didn't say that. Dr. Khalifa: What are you saying?
Eric: No, I'm saying that... I'm saying... I'm saying... Dr. Khalifa: You're saying the school doesn't guarantee happiness, therefore let us cancel schools.
Eric: What I'm trying to say... I don't support... I don't want to start an argument. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm repeating what you're saying. You're saying "the school does not guarantee happiness", right?
Dr. Khalifa: Is this what you said? He says Eric: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: "Therefore, let us eliminate schools."
Eric: No, I didn't say that.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, what are you saying?
Dr. Khalifa: What is your conclusion?
Eric: My conclusion is that we know very well that the school system today is not optimal.
Eric: Or do you think it is? Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's the best.
Dr. Khalifa: The best ever. Eric: You think it's the best? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible) Eric: Hold on.
Dr. Khalifa: It's the best ever.
A man: What school are you talking about?
Dr. Khalifa: Any school system anywhere in the world today is better than any other time.
Eric: You believe that sincerely? Dr. Khalifa: Yes, I know that.
Eric: Well, I don't want to discuss this, but there is a national emergency plan in the United States because the people don't learn anything in the school.
And the level of illiteracy and the level of Analphabetism has increased in the United States.
Eric: So I think this is a little bit... Dr. Khalifa: Why?
Eric: Because the schools don't teach anymore as they used to.
They don't teach.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, they are better than... Eric: They have acquired new so-called
Eric: methods which are not as good teaching methods as they used to be.
Dr. Khalifa: So, what do you suggest?
Eric: And the children are not very motivated when they go to school because there are a lot of other activities that are promoted on the side.
And the role of the school today has become more of a social institution to teach young children to socialize rather than to acquire knowledge. And maybe this...
Dr. Khalifa: Somehow Eric has taken us away from the Quran. Is this true?
A man: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: We'd like to study the Quran and not politics or school systems or...
Eric: Yes, but you took (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Our children...
Dr. Khalifa: Our children are the most educated kids in the world.
Eric: You are just knocking off this 15 or 16-year-old girl or whatever.
Just like this. Maybe she has a very good reason.
Dr. Khalifa: We uphold the highest, we uphold the highest moral character because God told us to do so.
If a girl gets pregnant, 15, first of all, physiologically she's not ready to get pregnant. It is not good for her.
To drop out of school is not good for her. It is a bad example.
And it affects your behavior.
When you don't have the highest moral standard, it affects your behavior and then it affects you.
Eric: Maybe this girl was a believer.
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe this girl was a believer.
Eric: Maybe she's... Dr. Khalifa: No, she's not a believer.
Dr. Khalifa: She doesn't know anything. She's drugged. She's an alcoholic. She's a 15-year-old pregnant without marriage.
Dr. Khalifa: How can she be a believer when she got pregnant at 15 and dropped out of school? Eric: I don't know.
Dr. Khalifa: Tell it to her mother. I mean, why do you think she's a believer? Because she got pregnant?
Eric: I said maybe she is. How do you know that she's not?
Dr. Khalifa: Alright.
A woman: How you're saying, how you're saying like (unintelligible)?
Eric: I'm trying to say that God knows but we don't know.
Dr. Khalifa: So, a girl... Ok, Eric... Eric: We shouldn't pretend that we know, because God knows.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the girl that gets pregnant, drops out of school at 15, and with her boyfriend and pregnant, she has a child.
Dr. Khalifa: This is a criterion for a believer. This tells us she's a believer. Is this true? Is this what you're saying?
Eric: What are you saying?
Dr. Khalifa: A girl that's 15 years old, drops out of school and gets pregnant and gives birth to a child out of wedlock. This is a sign of a believer.
Eric: I didn't say that.
Dr. Khalifa: You said "maybe she's a believer."
Eric: I said "maybe she's a believer." Dr. Khalifa: Because all the signs are there.
Dr. Khalifa: All the signs of a believer are there. Right?
Eric: Why do you say that all signs of a believer are there?
Dr. Khalifa: Well, this is your conclusion. Eric: No.
Dr. Khalifa: You must see signs. Tell me. Why "Maybe she's a believer"? Why? Eric: I didn't draw any conclusions. Don't put words in my mouth, Rashad.
Eric: I'm just trying to say that what she has in her heart, for whom we don't know.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I think you're bad influence on us, Eric, and I think, I suggest you go back to Switzerland.
That's my suggestion.
Because your behavior reflects what you're saying, and it hasn't been very good.
Eric: I'm sorry. Dr. Khalifa: Me too.
Dr. Khalifa: I know certain things you don't know, so excuse my expression.
A woman: If something happened like we did say, we as believers judge it from what the Quran says.
But not to judge the person for what she knows. That's what she decides to do if she knew better.
If she knew about the rules and regulations, that regulation she would not have been in that position.
Dr. Khalifa: That's right.
A woman: Because she is in that position from what she knows.
But from what we know, and even for me as a woman, I would not wanna be pregnant very soon.
I mean, it's a serious responsibility.
Dr. Khalifa: No, I mean, looking from God's point of view, strictly from God's point of view,
I don't think it's a good influence when we have here children, boys and girls, to hear somebody say
"maybe she's a believer", when she got pregnant at 15 and dropped out of school, and so on.
A woman: But I have... Dr. Khalifa: So, I'm very jealous when it comes to guarding our standards.
A woman: But I have another question that I can add to that.
As human beings, we all have to have feelings for the baby.
I mean, the mother.... the baby....
Dr. Khalifa: Say it again.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: Because I know in our country, I mean, I know in our law, if even a man and a woman get pregnant
and want to get married after one month...
A woman: I mean, if they have a baby and after one month, they wanna get married, that child is caught in this situation.
A woman: Do you agree, (unintelligible)? Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Eric: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: It was conceived outside of marriage, which is God's institution.
I just don't trust you talking to the believers when I'm not here.
I'm not comfortable.
Dr. Khalifa: Because of your point of view, maybe you have some European ideas or something. Eric: Dr., I'm not promoting...No.
Dr. Khalifa: Whatever it is, I'm not comfortable when you're talking to the people and there's always some negative feedback.
So, I'd appreciate it if you just visit when I'm here, or it'd be better if you just go back to Switzerland.
Are there any other questions on this?
What were we talking about?
I was saying that the parents set the example for the children.
A man: Yes.
A man: There's a good example from Maryam and,...
Dr. Khalifa: (19:20) وَلَمْ أَكُ بَغِيًّۭا
A man: 19 years old.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Yeah. Beautiful.
A man: Mary was 19 years old when she said "no man has ever touched me."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. That's the Quranic lesson, yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There is a good hint when it is in Sura 19 and it's entitled "Maryam" and it tells the birth of Jesus and so on.
It's a very good indication.
15 is just... even physiologically, the girl is not ready.
Just because she's menstruating and so on doesn't mean the uterus is ready and emotional, psychological conditions are satisfied.
And the same with the boys.
A woman: I was just trying to give the whole context of this.
Maybe we'll learn that later.
Fifteen or sixteen (unintelligible)
Because they have a child, I believe they have a (unintelligible) life.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, infant mortality.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: What a mistake!
A woman: 1, 2, 3, Two brothers and a sister died before me. I was a small child.
A woman: Because my mother was very young.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Just physiologically, the boys and the girls are not ready before the age of 19 or 20.
A woman: So, they didn't know in advance and now they are, you know, dying young.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: They are talking about hormones. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: Well, I know there are hormones. But we have a brain, too. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: The animals (unintelligible) A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Animals are better. A woman: (unintelligible) normal.
A woman: I mean, animals are better because they know when they are ready.
A woman: It's a very hard concept for the Westerners. I understand what you are talking about. Please, I mean, please.
A woman: I mean, but, I mean, I don't picture any of my children running around with a normal kind of dog.
A woman: That's not human nature. I don't want my daughter or my son are engaged.
A woman: I want them to learn.
Dr. Khalifa: Control themselves. A woman: Have self-control.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. A woman: This is what it's all about.
A woman: (unintelligible) And that is the heart. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: People that feel normal. People that...
Dr. Khalifa: It seems like in the last ten Quranic studies, I have been reminding the parents to tell their children that they are very special.
They must learn they are very special. They are not to behave like the commoners.
And they must not let anybody touch them in a sexual manner until their wedding night.
And yes, I have an appendix here entitled "Virginity."
So, if you are too embarrassed, you can just have them read the appendix.
Sometimes it's a ticklish subject. It's difficult to discuss.
But they must teach them first that their happiness in this life and forever depends on obeying God's commandments.
A woman: Well, I was in a family conference. I mean, it was a service. Dr. Khalifa: And...
A woman: How it was (unintelligible). And at the end, he said "oh yes, they were talking about something called hormones."
A woman: But what about the men? Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: And it was in expression of "don't let women touch the men", you know.
A woman: And on and on. And after he was taking (unintelligible), and I said "this is between men and women. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: (unintelligible) He was serious. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: For both. A woman: (unintellgibile)
A woman: But I'm not having to blame him. It's not because the woman is sure (unintelligible).
A woman: The man didn't do anything, I mean (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yep. This is why I put in the headlines that boys and girls.
Because there is no double standard there.
You know, first and foremost, if a person is a believer, the children are in God's hands.
And you must have that confidence.
Just one. Roxana was asking the same question.
Remember, God says that in Heaven, you have anything you wish for, anything you want.
And the believer's Heaven begins right here.
So, if a believer is one parent to the believer, he or she will have what they want.
Anything that belongs to you is in God's hands.
Including your husband.
God will control their mind and their heart.
We go... Husbands go from the extreme, from the extremely cooperative to the extremely violent in opposition.
And even the extremely violent in opposition, they can threaten and... But they have no will.
The will of God is finally done.
They can shout and threaten, but they cannot do anything.
God is doing everything.
Behrouz: David prophet, right now, it is saying, it's known to God (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's beginning. It was the AIDS. Yes.
I actually heard commercials on the radio and TV advocating abstinence,
until you have the one partner that you're going to have.
I mean, this is unheard of. Twenty years ago, that was unheard of
to actually hear commercials on the radio and the TV.
Talking about AIDS awareness.
I'm telling you that the best way...
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: Our generation is coming up.
I mean, twenty years from now, there'll be twice as many people on earth who never heard of the Trinity or
or anything like... Ihsan says that this is God's way of teaching them since their parents are lax.
They're not teaching their children about homosexuality and the dangers and, you know, this and that. Their parents are so lax.
So, God sees to it that He's teaching them.
So now, what was...
A woman: Oh, it's not the...
Dr. Khalifa: It's (unintelligible) who said... A woman: (unintelligible) said (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes, yes. The cat is so weak and old and falling apart.
Dr. Khalifa: And (unintelligible) said "maybe she has AIDS. A woman: "She has AIDS."
A woman: (unintelligible) Yeah, that's what he said.
Dr. Khalifa: But that is not, that's not the point, you see. The point is, look at the child who knows about AIDS.
A woman: (unintelligible) and the word AIDS.
A woman: And the next step is teenage (unintelligible), you know. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: AIDS is spreading in our teenage population right now.
And there will be more AIDS. This is the system. This is how (unintelligible)
The hard way that they're gonna learn. (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Diba will call in about 15, 20 minutes. A man: She did.
Dr. Khalifa: She did? A man: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Where?
Dr. Khalifa: Where? Here?
Dr. Khalifa: Gosh, I was not... I was fighting with Eric. I had no awareness.
I wasn't aware of anything.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, wow.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There's a teacher who's a believer right now. A good one. A woman: Yeah, I mean, I mean...
A woman: I mean, it's scary. I mean, it's so scary.
Dr. Khalifa: When did you meet a butcher or an accountant or a doctor who's a believer?
Don't be so hard on teachers.
A woman: I know we have to balance things.
Dr. Khalifa: Remember, your children are in God's hands.
God will manipulate the circumstances so they will get the right education.
A woman: And the best education is God's. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, that's it.
Dr. Khalifa: It's very important.
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh. I mean, we can use Nani. Look at Hani. Mã Shã Allãh. Lã Quwwata Ellã Bellãh.
As an example.
He stands with us, just like the adults, and prays. Perfect.
The only thing we have to, we have to restrain him when he makes his Salam to the left and to the right.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, he looks at him because he wants to... He's anxious to say congratulations.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we're thinking of putting him on the other side, to be the first one there, so he will start...
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But this really tells us that you can teach the kids how to do the proper prayer from very early age.
Dr. Khalifa: This is only...
A woman: (unintelligible) proper prayer. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A man: Now he's chasing the fly. You wanna go to Heaven.
A man: Oh, this is wonderful. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: He was actually listening, Hany. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) He was listening to you at the convention. Dr. Khalifa: I know
A woman: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) Mã Shã Allãh.
A man: But he was listening to you at the conference.
Dr. Khalifa: You know what Nani... How old Nani is, Adnan?
Did Ahmad Barouni... Wow. Mã Shã Allãh.
What is this?
I was gonna hang it in my office.
Anyway, Nani was running after a fly with a (unintelligible)
"You wanna go to Heaven? "You wanna go to Heaven?"
Even adults don't know this.
Dr. Khalifa: Send them to heaven.
A man: He's asking the little fly "do you wanna go to Heaven? Do you wanna go to Heaven?"
A man: He was listening to Rashad at the conference. Dr. Khalifa: So, you take... Yes.
A man: He's not even... He's two? He's about two. My God. He was listening at the conference.
Nobody told him before.
Dr. Khalifa: Kermalys are here.
Mã Shã Allãh.
What happened to the Jehovah Witnesses who came to your house?
Aisha was there. Oh, you were there too?
What did they do?
That's good.
Yeah, they are active.
They know the new people. Did he ever show up again?
I don't think they're Jehovah Witness anymore.
He came in to tell us to read the Bible. And we ended up telling him to read the Bible.
Dr. Khalifa: We showed that he doesn't know what's in it.
A woman: (unintelligible) used to read from door to door, just like my kids used to say. Because if they're getting married, if everybody goes from door to door, nobody will be home.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: That gentleman, you are talking, he didn't talk to the Jehovah's.
Dr. Khalifa: No, yeah. Were you there? You were not there. A man: No, no, you... Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: He came to tell us to not to go to Heaven.
A man: No to go to Heaven?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, Huh?
A man: What did he say?
Dr. Khalifa: He said "I have no hope for going..." or "I have no Heavenly hope." What did he say?
"I have no Heavenly hope."
I said "you mean, you're not going to Heaven?" He said "No."
I said "You wanna go to Heaven? Because we're going."
Dr. Khalifa: He said "no."
A man: Oh, my God. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: No?
Dr. Khalifa: He said "no." I said "well, wait a minute. If you have a choice, would you like to go to Heaven or not?"
He said "what? If I have a choice, yes, but I have no hope."
I said "So, you're coming to tell us that you wanna take us with you?"
"Do you want us to cancel all our Heavenly hope or what?"
[17:47] ... disbelievers say, "You are following a crazy man."
In their privacy, this is what they say.
[17:47] ... "You are following a crazy man."
I think this happens to every one of us.
[17:48] Note how they describe you, and how this causes them to stray off the path.
[17:49] They said, "After we turn into bones and fragments, we get resurrected anew?!"
In other words, they do not believe in resurrection after death. They do not believe in the Hereafter.
And I want to emphasize here that 49 does not mean they say it orally,
orally. They say it in their heart, in their mind, secretly.
Their subconscious is saying that.
This is why we need the three criteria to bring out that subconscious statement.
And I think in the new edition, I'm making this clear.
They said in their subconscious,
[17:49] ... "After we turn into bones and fragments, we get resurrected anew?!"
50,
[17:50] Say, "Even if you turn into rocks or iron.
or a lion devours you and digests you. Excuse me. 51.
51, Actually, this is what it says.
[17:51] "...or any kind of creation that you deem impossible to resurrect."...
This is what it means.
"Somebody is eaten up by a lion and devoured. How will you be resurrected?" This is actually what they ask.
You will be resurrected anew, because the body doesn't mean a thing. The body is eaten up by the earth anyway, or cremated, or whatever.
[17:51] ... They will then say, "Who will bring us back?" Say, "The One who created you in the first place." They will then shake their heads and say, "When will that be?" Say, "It may be closer than you think."
Treat Each Other Amicably
This is a commandment to all of us, and we have to be very careful, because this is Satan's last stand.
The war of Custer's.
General Custer.
Custer's Last Stand
Dr. Khalifa: I don't know what the connection is, but... A man: There is something there.
Dr. Khalifa: There is some connection there.
[17:53] Tell My servants...
That's you and I.
[17:53] ... to treat each other in the best possible manner, for the devil will always try to drive a wedge among them...
This is his last...
He failed to stop you from believing in God. He stoped to...
He failed to stop you from reading the Quran.
He failed to stop you from being saved.
So, his last thing to do is to drive a wedge between the believers.
Because this will be a violation of God's statement that "the believers are brothers and sisters",
that "the believers are one family."
It's a statement that God made, and Satan wants you to contradict that statement
by being averse to some other believer.
So, we have to go out of our way to make it backfire on Satan.
If he tries to drive a wedge between you and another believer, you must reverse it.
It takes work.
Pardon?
52?
[17:52] The day He summons you, you will respond by praising Him,...
Oh, did I miss it? Yes. Okay.
[17:52] The day He summons you, you will respond by praising Him, and you will then realize that you had lasted in this life but a short while.
Really very short. Sufficient for the test, but it's very short.
Just think of all the years that went by so fast.
Only yesterday you were a freshman in high school.
It goes like that.
[17:53] Tell My servants to treat each other in the best possible manner, for the devil will always try to drive a wedge among them. Surely, the devil is man's most ardent enemy.
Because if he succeeds to drive a wedge between you and your brother or sister, the believers,
he can point at you and say "look, he or she is not a believer.
"He doesn't have that brotherhood, sisterhood feeling that You stated."
Satan will say that.
And Satan is the biggest crybaby.
He'll just look for anything to claim you.
So don't give him a chance.
[17:54] Your Lord is the best knower of you. In accordance with His knowledge, He showers you with mercy, or in accordance with His knowledge, He requites you. We did not send you to be their advocate.
[17:55] Your Lord is the best knower of everyone in the heavens and the earth. In accordance with His knowledge, we preferred some prophets over others. For example, we gave David the Psalms.
We were talking about this yesterday.
Many people, especially secular people, they think that David wrote the Psalms.
Which is true, but he wrote it with God's inspiration.
God... we're told here God gave David the Psalms, because he deserved it.
And I hope all of you were here when I said, for example, the five daily Prayers are a gift from God.
You know, the one who's doing the five prayers.
God is allowing you to do the five Prayers as a gift from Him.
Because He knows you deserve, you deserve that gift.
And this is proven by the prayer, Abraham's prayer. I like to repeat this, because it's very important.
Because when we do the five Prayers, we don't wanna feel like we're doing God a favor.
We should feel the other way around.
We should feel that we thank God for the favor that God gave us to make us do the five Prayers.
Abraham's prayer was "please God, make me one who observes the five Prayers."
(unintelligible)
Abraham said "please God, make me one who observes the five daily Prayers."
[17:55] ...we gave David the Psalms.
You know, you always read that people who read the scripture, say "the Psalmist said this, the Psalmist said that."
They call David the Psalmist.
They really, you know, act and write and consider that David is the writer of the Psalms.
But the Psalms is one of God's scriptures.
It is all loving God, and it emanated from David, but God gave David the words to express that love.
Fine, fine. Even if that is correct, which is not. It is not correct.
God is the one who preferred, and He ordered us not to prefer anyone, and not to make distinction.
God preferred by necessity. He spoke to Moses, for example, a great honor that was not given to any other prophet.
The prophets that are honored in the Quran are the following: Moses, Jesus, and David. Not Muhammad, ironically.
So, if we are to pinpoint who are the prophets who are honored, and Abraham, excuse me.
If we are to pinpoint in the Quran who are the prophets who were honored to higher ranks by God, they were Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and David.
Named by name.
You know, (4:125) وَٱتَّخَذَ ٱللَّهُ إِبْرَٰهِيمَ خَلِيلًۭا God made Abraham a close friend.
considered... I mean, what an honor this is.
Moses, by speaking to him. Jesus, by being born as a prophet.
And David, God gave him the Psalms. He loved God so much. He was singing love, the love of God.
And until today, if we want to express true love of God, we use David's words.
A man: Who was John? (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: John was a prophet.
A man: But was he born as a prophet?
Dr. Khalifa: Who? A man: John.
Dr. Khalifa: The Baptist? A man: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: He's born as a prophet. Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: He was not born as a prophet.
But Jesus was born as a prophet. He spoke from infancy and he said "I am a servant of God. God gave me the scripture."
When God told Zechariah that John will be a prophet, He said "he will be a prophet after he grows up."
56,
[17:56] Say, "Implore whomever you claim to be gods beside Him." They have no power to relieve your afflictions, nor can they prevent them.
There goes St. Jude.
St. Jude, you read the paper every day and people are thanking St. Jude for the operation and for healing their disease.
Dr. Khalifa: Any paper, it's every day.
A man: He was some Jewish guy, you know, St. Jude. Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. St. Jude. He probably never existed. Yeah.
If he did exist, he now doesn't exist. He's in a powerless state.
Even if he's alive now, he can do nothing to heal anybody.
I don't think he went to a school of medicine.
Soad would do a much better job than St. Jude.
If we have a competition, Soad Khalifa against St. Jude, she would do a much better job, healing.
The Righteous Idols Worship God Alone
57 says,
[17:57] Even the idols that they implore...
that is Hussain, Ali, Muhammad, Jesus,
[17:57] ...are seeking the ways and means towards their Lord, wish for His mercy, and fear His retribution. Surely, the retribution of your Lord is dreadful.
We have this very well put in Sura entitled "The Prophets", 21,
that they are worried about their own neck.
The Prophets themselves,
they want to get as close as possible to God and they worry about their own neck.
58,
[17:58] There is not a community that we will not annihilate before the Day of Resurrection, or inflict severe retribution upon them. This is already written down in the book.
Congratulations, God bless you.
These are our two pages.
Lisa and Susan.
There is some fantastic breakfast on the stove for you.
You get to work.
Yes, of course. Very good.
But should have waited until Lisa and Susan set out.
You can, you can hear it as you have breakfast.
Are there any workers who are going to work, huh?
We're, we're the jobless ones.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. You have to go by 8 by...
A woman: I have to be there by 8.
Behrouz: You can leave the door open now as everything is fine now.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Huh? Yes, leave it open. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Because it follows only a number of commandments.
It refers to the commandments starting at verse 22.
From 22 to 38 are a number of commandments.
So, then, God is saying "this is some of the wisdom."
"this" referring to just these.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Those verses are some of the Quran, are part of the Quran.
God says "some of the wisdom revealed to you."
So, whatever God reveals is wisdom.
Hadith is not revealed from God. It's revealed from Satan.
The people have to have a choice between God's Wisdom and Satan's wisdom.
And all you need to do is to see how stupid Satan's wisdom is. Just open the book of Hadith at random.
From the names of the narrators to the subjects themselves are really very stupid.
I mean, Satan couldn't be that stupid. He must do it on purpose. Just to show God that people will follow him anyway, in disbelief.
Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: It just looks to me that it refers to Quran. The Quran is some of it.
A man: The Quran is not (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Oh, I see. I see.
A man: That's the reason.
A man: Oh, but there are other scriptures, too.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: But Quran is complete (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But you see the Hadithists deny that the Quran is wisdom at all. Or part of the wisdom.
They say "Quran is the scripture and the Hadith is the wisdom."
Ali Izadi, right?
That's what Ali Izadi said.
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yeah, they hold...
A woman: Wait, wait. When you answer all the questions for me, when you answer the mystery,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A woman: I will go and ask what the reason behind all...
A woman: I mean, I will look in Hadith for the reason behind it.
Dr. Khalifa: By the way, this didn't show up until we proclaimed that the Quran alone should be upheld. Did you notice that?
We never heard of this before.
Only that this message became known that they started to say Quran is...
It's like they made a discovery.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: I've never heard of this before (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: But Now when somebody says, (unintelligible) no idea.
A woman (unintelligible) but when they say it, I will (unintelligible)
(Unintelligible)
A woman: People, they have no idea where they are from.
Dr. Khalifa: By the way, Naima, this is another idea that Ihsan developed also.
But when they ask "where is the Salat in the Quran?"
And Ihsan says "if the Salat is described in detail, every step of it, every word you utter, everything in the Quran, which will take quite a few pages, will you follow it?"
And the person says "of course, I follow it."
She says "okay, let's take the first step in Salat."
It is in the Quran, in Sura 5, verse 6.
It says "O you who believe, when you get up for the prayer, wash your face, your arms to the elbows, wipe your hair, and wash your feet."
"Is this what you do?"
They all flunk. Because they don't do that. See?
God is giving you the first step in Salat, and you don't follow it. So why...?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, another... A woman: The only question is "but you're ruining the Salat." Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
A woman: (unintelligible) all the time (unintelligible)
A woman: ...how many Rak'as is Fajr, how many Rak'as in the Zohr, how many Rak'as is...
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. There's no difference.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You know, if some Muslims were doing the Morning 3 Rak'as, and some were doing it 5 Rak'as and so on,
then God would have said "hey, the proper number of Rak'as is 2."
A woman: Just like we do the Wudu. (unintelligible)
A woman: Now, I was saying to this man "the Quran brings only one kind of people, and it's the believers. But then Hadith gives a lot of people."
A woman: The one that's Sahih, the one that's not Sahih, the one that's... Dr. Khalifa: Yes, take your pick.
A woman: I mean, they can pick whatever they want from Heaven.
I mean, what leaves is where they are in their feelings and emotions and their bad things.
take your pick. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: You're quoting the Quran.
A woman: Yeah, but if they make it without the requirement of the Quran, I mean, the Quran does say,
there is, I mean, it has to be this, you know, this and this only.
Dr. Khalifa: No, the Quran makes it almost impossible.
A woman: Yeah, that's why Hadith makes it possible. (unintelligible)
A woman: They have, they have like the, somewhere in Dawa, I don't know where, they marry somebody immediately, a few minutes and then divorce.
A woman: Oh, yeah? Dr. Khalifa: Now, this is a temporary marriage.
A woman: Oh, they have it. They have it. I mean, I saw it in my country, where they have women in Morocco, women in Saudi Arabia,
then they take them to Saudi Arabia, and (unintelligible), they come back to Morocco.
(unintelligible)
And it's acceptable. I mean, I had women in Morocco saying, yeah, (unintelligible), you know, to marry him (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, it's a lot worse than that. You don't know what Ihsan...
Dr. Khalifa: This is prostitution.
Dr. Khalifa: Right?
A man: Shari'a prostitution. A woman: They wouldn't have Shari'a prostitution for two years.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. This is for one hour, Naima.
Dr. Khalifa: And this is only a few yards from the Ka‘bah.
And this man was walking with three or four girls, and he's saying "زواج المتعة، زواج المتعة" "temporary marriage, temporary marriage."
So, a man will walk to him and say "I would like to marry this one."
And he says "for how long?"
He says "two hours."
"It'll be this much. How about this one?"
I mean, I mean, really, prostitution.
And people get angry, and they go to the police, and the police will say "sorry, this is the Shia principle. We cannot interfere in religious affairs."
Dr. Khalifa: As if freedom of religion is rampant in Saudi Arabia.
A man: Did they divorce?
Dr. Khalifa: Huh? A man: Did they divorce?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they divorced after one hour or two hours.
And you negotiate with the man.
This is only a few yards from the Ka‘bah. It's really terrible.
Dr. Khalifa: But... Yeah.
A woman: Their thing is, Prophet Muhammad came, he made peace with them.
Hadith is helping (unintelligible).
We can't, we can't say Hadith came to preserve it.
A woman: Hadith came 200 years later. How can they preserve them?
A woman: They couldn't preserve it. (unintelligible) much better before Hadith.
A woman: He says "how can we say so much (unintelligible)..."
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: They were believer before that.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But you were quoting the Quran when you said "in Hadith, they can find anything they want."
Sura 68, verse 38.
It says "they have a book in which they can find anything they want."
68:38
68
Sura 68, verse 38.
Another multiple (unintelligible)
Yep.
A woman: And I thought, what you want is not what I want. So that's why we are fighting.
A woman: And what the other person wants (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: They're always fighting.
A woman: (unintelligible) so we will never be...
Dr. Khalifa: We had a guy, he walked in three days ago from the Islamic Center here,
saying that they're fighting so much, there is so much hatred and so much fight "I'm sick and tired of it, I'm looking for another place."
A woman: Rashad.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Feroz: 68:35 says, [68:35] Shall we treat the muslims like the criminals?
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Feroz: Really profound.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Feroz: But can they see that?
Dr. Khalifa: No. They can't see it.
Dr. Khalifa: (68:35) أَفَنَجْعَلُ ٱلْمُسْلِمِينَ كَٱلْمُجْرِمِينَ
Yes, this is the word that's used.
35
It says, مُجْرِمِينَ
It's a very bad word in Arabic.
مُجْرِمِينَ Criminals
They are the ones who have a book where they can find anything they want.
Dr. Khalifa: You mean you have a question?
I can't believe it. Okay, go ahead.
A woman: We find out that when a righteous guy goes straight to Heaven, but in the Quran you read that
on the Day of Resurrection, when you wake up, it is like waking up from a sickness.
A woman: And in this word, you say, you know, La Elaha Ella Allah, (unintelligible) it's the same (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: But in here, (unintelligible)
A woman: The believers, the righteousness (unintelligible) already, Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: and then the Day of Resurrection. And what happens? Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, do you know what happens before the Resurrection?
A woman: Before the Day of Resurrection?
Dr. Khalifa: Before Resurrection. Immediately before Resurrection, what happens?
A woman: Everything will be destroyed and all the things will be annihilated.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, before that, what happens?
Dr. Khalifa: It's okay, I mean, I'm not... just because... you know it, but I want to bring it out.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, what happens just before Resurrection?
A woman: The earthquake and...
Dr. Khalifa: Before that?
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, look at Sura 39.
The answer is in Sura 39, Azar's answer.
Page 466.
And we have a correction to make because of the new information that the righteous do not die.
The righteous do not die. So, 466. And read, Azar, loud.
466. You're looking at the wrong page.
Page 466.
466, read it from the top.
Azar: [39:68] The horn will be blown, whereupon everyone in the heavens and the earth will be struck dead...
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, I want you to, if this is your book, cross "dead" out and put "unconscious."
See, she already got it, right?
Azar: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh. Happy anniversary.
Edip: It's also, Rashad...
Dr. Khalifa: Because this includes the angels, Azar.
The angels also will be struck unconscious. Yes.
It says [39:68] ... everyone in the heavens and the earth...
Dr. Khalifa: Everyone in the heavens and the earth.
A man: Except (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Except Michael. Or Israfil, the one who is blowing the horn.
Feroz: Was it Michael or the other one?
Dr. Khalifa: I don't know if it is Michael or Israfil, I forget. Is it Israfil?
Dr. Khalifa: Israfil? Yeah.
A man: Israfil.
Dr. Khalifa: It doesn't matter, I think it's...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. The one angel who blows the horn.
Israfil or... Israfil, yeah.
A man: Rashad, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, even, even the people in Heaven will be unconscious.
The reason I wanted to cross out "dead" and put "unconscious" is because it is the same word used when Moses was knocked unconscious,
when God manifested Himself.
Moses said,
(7:143) وَخَرَّ مُوسَىٰ صَعِقًۭا
And the word used here is, if you can see it in Arabic, it says,
(39:68) فَصَعِقَ مَن فِى ٱلسَّمَـٰوَٰتِ وَمَن فِى ٱلْأَرْضِ
The word فَصَعِقَ means "unconscious."
So, in this translation, it's not accurate.
Edip: It is also wrong, according to our previous information also, this would be the third death.
Dr. Khalifa: Right, exactly, exactly.
Also, in addition to all of this, the people of the cave, they were asleep.
They were unconscious for 309 years.
And God used the word "resurrection" for their waking up.
In fact, God used the word "resurrection" for our getting up every morning.
And if you know how Barbara Jean sleeps, it's resurrection, alright.
Have a nice day. See you, IN SHAA ALLAH, at the Friday prayer.
Alaykum As-Salam.
A woman: (unintelligible) has a question that Farhad asked. The answer is that
A woman: (Unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: "Some of the wisdom that we revealed to you."
It has a good point in that the people who are looking for excuse, they'll find it.
Because God puts deliberate traps in the Quran for those people.
I'm thinking of how to put a subtitle, change it to avoid that problem.
We'll see.
See what happens.
That's a long story.
We're gonna call your son "Yahya", so he says, "why, why?"
Dr. Khalifa: Yahya Yuxel.
Edip: Yahya Yuxel.
Dr. Khalifa: We're expecting, did you know that?
Dr. Khalifa: News travel.
A man: Why? Dr. Khalifa: He also.
A woman: Is he having morning sickness?
Dr. Khalifa: He loves Apamea so much that when she has morning sickness, he has it, too.
I brought him some lunch the other day and he said "I vomit."
Honest.
Is this true?
Listen, listen to him.
What did you say?
Yes.
Yes. Explain, Edip.
Explain.
You have no chance.
Dr. Khalifa: Guilty. Edip: Guilty.
A man: Third one here, another one.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Parivash. Just read the Quran.
Parivash: Sura Shams? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Yes (unintelligible) Parivash: (unintelligible)
Parivash: Oh.
Parivash: No, it's not Shams. (81:1) إِذَا ٱلشَّمْسُ كُوِّرَتْ
Parivash: Sura 81 Dr. Khalifa: 81.
Dr. Khalifa: When God appoints angels to wake us up for the Dawn Prayer, and it takes a little nudge for most people.
But for Baba, they have to knock on the door or break it down,
to get them to move out of bed and walk to the door and then...
This is true.
Dr. Khalifa: The best way to wake somebody up for that, I'm sure you all did this, you put the alarm away from the bed, right? A woman: Yes.
A woman: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: If it's next to the bed, you go, and you're going back.
A woman: It's like when my cat's dreaming.
Dr. Khalifa: The angels found that they have to knock on Baba's door,
before they opened the door and find out "Oh, Ok. He didn't do the Morning Prayer."
Mã Shã Allãh. (unintelligible).
A woman: (unintelligible) He's like "Ok." He's already awake.
Dr. Khalifa: He prays Fajr, too.
A woman: It is neat about the observation when I was home, that the Adhan, I mean, it doesn't end.
I mean, he's waking up everybody, but nobody is waking up.
A woman: I mean, it lasts something like half an hour. In Morocco. Dr. Khalifa: You mean in Morocco? Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, they're cursing. A woman: Yeah.
A woman: Almost, I mean. Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Putting the pillows on their ears.
A woman: But they don't even do that. Nobody is telling them to leave the cooking.
I mean, I was teasing my mom, I said " (unintelligible) disturbed so much for half an hour already. But look at now. You need to leave a little bit in the kitchen."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: ...and turn to God. They will leave it all day long. Nobody is really taking responsibility of time of the prayer. They leave it there.
The evening will come and...
Dr. Khalifa: Where we lived back home, they built a mosque with a minaret and with big loudspeakers
that were pointing right to the window of Soad, Soad's room.
And this ugly voice guy, you know, every day, one hour before dawn, he comes up and just rattles on some nonsense very loud.
A woman: I mean, it's horrible. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. And usually she's studying for, you know, school of medicine.
Dr. Khalifa: She's up until 2 o'clock in the morning or something. And she puts her head down and then there comes this guy.
They actually complained to the police about him. But he won.
Yes.
It's really terrible.
One hour.
Dr. Khalifa: You're right. They don't do it in other prayers. Only in the Fajr Prayer.
A woman: And the one that nobody would (unintelligible). Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I think the people hate anything that's connected with the Prayer or God or Islam.
What's your question, Azar?
Azar: Just one more.
Dr. Khalifa: Just one more. I love that phrase.
Azar: One at a time. One at a time.
Azar: In Sura 2, verse 29, we read,
[2:29] He is the One who created for you everything on earth, then turned to the sky and created seven universes therein,* and He is fully aware of all things.
And this question come up that, in another verse, we read that everything was in masses and then
explosion happened and there was, you know, everything was created.
And when I think about that and I read this one, I am confused that the earth was
Azar: created first and then the seven heavens.
Dr. Khalifa: The provisions for every ant, horse and mouse were calculated.
The design was done.
Everything was created first.
Then... but the process of creation is the big bang.
Azar: So, this is just the provisions that creates...
Dr. Khalifa: The earth, the earth took four days. I mean, design and calculate the provisions and everything.
A woman: 4 days for the...
Dr. Khalifa: Just the earth.
A woman: Just the earth.
Dr. Khalifa: (41:10) وَقَدَّرَ فِيهَآ أَقْوَٰتَهَا فِىٓ أَرْبَعَةِ أَيَّامٍۢ
See? God created the whole universe... This is in Sura 41, verse 11.
Edip: Rashad, Thumma (ثُمَّ) in Arabic, doesn't feel, in Quran, creation doesn't mean always a time sequence. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Sometimes, it is like this.
Dr. Khalifa: As a matter of fact, there is no time sequence. As far as God is concerned, there's no time.
Edip: To show us, even to teach us. Dr. Khalifa: Yep. Everything existed.
Edip: No, 14, 15, to teach us sometimes God's time sequences.
Dr. Khalifa: There's no time sequence for God. Edip: But... Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Did you hear that, Azar?
Dr. Khalifa: Did you hear that? Azar: No, I...
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead.
Edip: Here, especially in verse 29, there is no time sequence because Thumma (ثُمَّ) here, in fact,
means "additionally, He created, how do you say, seven universes and He expanded them."
He created this and also this.
Thumma (ثُمَّ) doesn't mean, "then" doesn't mean.
Edip: Here it is translated as "then."
Dr. Khalifa: So, there's no time sequence for God. In other words, before the seven universes were created, God knew that the earth will be created, that Azar will be born
and will move to San Francisco and will marry Mehdi at Masjid Tucson. God knew that.
So, it was already created, even though there is nothing yet, as far as we're concerned.
So, there is no time sequence as far as God is concerned.
Azar: I said maybe, for example, you build one, the building, and you didn't finish the design,
but you go first to your room and you finish this for design.
Azar: Furniture and go back...
Dr. Khalifa: You know in your head how many rooms you're gonna have, what it will look like.
Edip: Rashad, in Arabic, Meen Ba'di Zalika (مِنْ بَعْدِ ذَلِكَ) shows time sequence "after this."
Edip: But Thumma (ثُمَّ)...
Dr. Khalifa: And usually Meen Ba'di Zalika (مِنْ بَعْدِ ذَلِكَ) applies to people.
You disbelieved Meen Ba'di Zalika (مِنْ بَعْدِ ذَلِكَ), or you believed Meen Ba'di Zalika (مِنْ بَعْدِ ذَلِكَ), or you went to another town Meen Ba'di Zalika (مِنْ بَعْدِ ذَلِكَ).
Dr. Khalifa: So, it applies to the creatures, not to the Creator.
As far as God is concerned, there is no time.
Therefore, there is no sequence.
It means that the people who will be born a hundred years from now,
God already knows about this. So, are they created yet?
Yes. But they are not in existence yet.
Dr. Khalifa: They will be here a hundred years from now.
A man: As long as we're concerned, they're not. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: As far as we're concerned. A man: I mean, who said that past, future, and past and present and future do not exist at the same time?
Dr. Khalifa: This is why God tells us about the Day of Resurrection in the past tense, as if it happened,
which is true. As far as God's concerned, it happened. Everything is done.
That's why when God says Satan went to Hell, nobody can say "is it possible that God will forgive Satan", because God already tells us what happened in the future.
Parivash: But the word for English, everybody understands that way, because when we say
"everything on earth, then turned to the sky and created seven universes, and designed seven universes,
Parivash: or created? Dr. Khalifa: created.
Dr. Khalifa: It doesn't matter. We shouldn't pick on these little things.
We should understand that God created the earth and the heavens.
Parivash: Because when people ask us, we should have an answer for that.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, this is the answer. Say "why is it relevant to you whether the earth came first or Jupiter came first?"
Parivash: You know, unfortunately... Dr. Khalifa: Ask them the question. When they ask you, answer the question.
Dr. Khalifa: "Is it important whether Jupiter came first or the earth came first?"
"Is it important to you?"
Dr. Khalifa: But this is what God says. If the people who have doubt in their hearts, they will ask you those questions as you're talking to them.
A woman: You said 41, which verse?
Dr. Khalifa: 41:11
A woman: 41:11. Thank you.
A man: Rashad, (unintelligible) God honored Muhammad in Quran by saying that we made you a prophet as a mercy for the people?
Dr. Khalifa: No, (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: They used the same expression to (unintelligible).
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's like when they say "God and His angels make Salat from the Prophet."
But then, 10 verses ahead of that, it says "God and His angels make Salat from the believers."
The same words.
(33:43) هُوَ ٱلَّذِى يُصَلِّى عَلَيْكُمْ وَمَلَـٰٓئِكَتُهُۥ
It's exactly the same words, but you never hear them saying
that "God and His angels make Salat...",
I'm using the expression "make Salat", which is because whatever the understanding of that is,
God does it for Muhammad, and He does it for the believers, also.
Now, this is exactly 13 verses before
(33:56) صَلُّوا۟ عَلَيْهِ وَسَلِّمُوا۟ تَسْلِيمًا
which is a big deal, you know, they make out of it.
13 verses before that, God says, (33:41) يَـٰٓأَيُّهَا ٱلَّذِينَ ءَامَنُوا۟ [33:41] O you who believe,
(33:41) ٱذْكُرُوا۟ ٱللَّهَ ذِكْرًۭا كَثِيرًۭا (33:42) وَسَبِّحُوهُ بُكْرَةًۭ وَأَصِيلًا
Oh, there (33:43) هُوَ ٱلَّذِى يُصَلِّى عَلَيْكُمْ وَمَلَـٰٓئِكَتُهُۥ
Same words.
Dr. Khalifa: But they pick out, they make it exclusive for the Prophet Muhammad.
A woman: Well, they wanted to give him a status higher than anybody in the Quran. Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: Second word's out of context.
(21:107) وَمَآ أَرْسَلْنَـٰكَ إِلَّا رَحْمَةًۭ لِّلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
God uses the same thing for Jesus. He said (19:21) وَرَحْمَةًۭ مِّنَّا
When they say, (21:107) وَمَآ أَرْسَلْنَـٰكَ إِلَّا رَحْمَةًۭ لِّلْعَـٰلَمِينَ we sent you as a mercy to the people,
they consider Muhammad to be the mercy.
But what God is saying, and this is what the believers will see, is that out of mercy from God,
He sent Muhammad or any messenger to remind the people and save them.
So, it's the message from God.
So, when it comes, the same word is used for Jesus, (19:21) وَرَحْمَةًۭ مِّنَّا
Okay, well, Edip gave us a clue. Go take a nap.
Everybody.
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH, we'll meet at 12:30.
A woman: IN SHAA ALLAH.
A woman: Jumu'ah Dr. Khalifa: The Jumu'ah, yes. Excuse me. Yeah, 12 O'clock. Maybe at 12.
Dr. Khalifa: Great talk at 12. Don't miss it.
A man: It's even more exciting. Dr. Khalifa: More exciting.
Dr. Khalifa: Saeed Talari is here, folks.
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh. Mã Shã Allãh
A man: I am tired.
Dr. Khalifa: Thank God.
A man: Oh, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: When he wakes up, it's gonna be a lot of trouble.
A man: Ow, ow, ow, I will get sick. I will get sick.
Dr. Khalifa: Why? You expected...
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead.
A man: One, two, three, four, five. You have to count to know the number. Behrouz: Right. Right.
A man: So, to make it easy, their number you get.
A man: You see what I'm saying? Behrouz: The verses.
A man: Yes. Behrouz: (unintelligible)
A man: Yes. Yes.
Behrouz: What about the instructions God told Muhammad?
Muhammad put this verse in this Sura with this verse.
A man: After the one that was there. Behrouz: After the one.
A man: After the one that was there.
Behrouz: What about that he would say "put it before this."
Behrouz: He could have said that. A man: How can... There were no numbers. How can he put it before?
A man: There were no numbers. Behrouz: Oh, Ok.
A man: You understand? How would he know what number is this?
Parivash: It has to be sequence.
A man: Because it came to him as in the sequence that came to him Suras,
also it came to him in the sequence of verses. The verses also in sequence.
When I met you first, and then I met Mehdi, and then I met Farhad, and then I met Parivash, and then I met...
In the sequence that I met you, I know "oh, you number one, you number two, you number three, you number four."
Because I can count which one I met first.
And then I forget, if I forget the name, then I can put numbers.
A man: Yes, I know.
Parivash: Yes, that means, yeah, that means when he said that the Sura Al-Muddath-thir, this is the...
no, he finished Al-Muddath-thir, and God says "now, it's Sura Hamd." Sura Al-Hamd
Go to Sura Hamd but not numbers.
Parivash: Now is Sura...
A man: He doesn't know numbers. He said "Now, this is Al-Fãtehah.
A man: This is Al-Fãtehah.
Parivash: Now is Sura Sham.
A man: When you put it in a book, you're gonna put this one number five. This will be the fifth one. You understand?
Because the first one was, because the first one came to him already, is Sura "Iqra."
And the second one was Sura "Nun."
The third one was Sura Al-Muzzammil.
The fourth one was Sura Al-Muddath-thir.
He asked him to start here now and this is another Sura, number four now. No verses now.
He starts... There's something called verses, there's something called Sura. That's all he knew.
Okay, now this is another Sura now.
Now, he knows this is the fifth Sura.
Okay? Now, has the fifth Sura finished or not? He doesn't know that.
He believes it's there.
Now, he will go and tell him, this now is on in the Sura Al-Muddath-thir.
Then, continue Sura Al-Mud... Then, he will go and...