Dr. Khalifa: We're holding the telephone of Sam. Oh, there she is.
Sura 40, we're in Sura 40, verse 4, 6, 7.
أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
The first verse is Ha Meem. [40:1] H. M.*
Let's look at the footnote.
The footnote says,
*40:1 The initials "Hã Mîm" occur in Suras 40-46. ...
7 Suras.
*40:1 ...The total frequency of occurrence of the letters "Hã" and "Mîm" in the seven suras is 2147, or 19x113.
These are very straightforward letters.
And this is why the people who do not like the miracle of the Quran, you know, the number 19, they never touch these Ha Meem.
They always work on letters that they cannot understand, like Alef and Ya.
(unintelligible) It's a little bit difficult for them. It has to be one versed in Arabic to be able to, to count them correctly.
So, they take advantage of this,
are those who have seen the miracle, (unintelligible)
And I always tell them "you have to count Ha Meem, for example."
There are many, many other examples that can be used, 'Ayn Seen Qaf, (unintellgible)
[19:1] K. H. Y. 'A. S.* (Kãf Hã Yã 'Ayn Sãd)
These are several letters in Sura 19. And they are multiples of 19.
Dr. Khalifa: So, Ha Meem, you count them in the 7 Suras. And the total is 2147 (unintelligible) a multiple of 19.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The 7 Suras.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There are 7 consecutive Suras.
So, this makes it even more difficult, you know.
If a person is designing a book like this, with the number 19 as a common denominator,
you know, it makes it more difficult.
Okay, so the first verse, Ha Meem, is proof of that this is the message of God to us. Number 2,
[40:2] This revelation of the scripture is from GOD, ...
This is the meaning of Ha Meem.
Ha Meem proves that this revelation is from God, not from a human being.
[40:2] ... the Almighty, the Omniscient.
[40:3] Forgiver of sins, acceptor of repentance, strict in enforcing retribution, and possessor of all power. There is no other god beside Him. To Him is the ultimate destiny.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: Yeah. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Number 4 says,
[40:4] None argues against GOD's revelations except those who disbelieve. ...
Dr. Khalifa: Who's making noise over there?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
[40:4] ... Do not be impressed by their apparent success.
Now, this is very important.
Number four.
[40:4] None argues against GOD's revelations except those who disbelieve. ...
People who believe in God will accept the miracle of Quran (unintelligible) very happily because it confirms
that the book they believe in is indeed a Divine Scripture.
And God here is making a statement that, that we see almost every day.
[40:4] None argues against GOD's revelations except those who disbelieve. ...
So, anyone who argues against the Quran, the revelations, the message of the Quran, or
the fact that God is the Forgiver of sins, Acceptor of repentance, strict in the constitution, and Possessor of all powers,
that no other entity possessing any powers, not Muhammad, not Jesus, not Ali, not Mary,
only God possesses all the powers,
anyone who argues against the miracle of God in the Quran, he's a disbeliever.
But this is God's revelation.
Number 5 says,
[40:5] Disbelieving before them were the people of Noah, and many parties after them. ...
Listen to this.
[40:5] ... Every community attacked their messenger to neutralize him. And they argued with falsehood, to defeat the truth. Consequently, I punished them; how terrible was My retribution!
This is a profound statement. And this, we have seen this in every prophet. And the prophet Muhammad announced that he was God's messenger, what happened?
We have to take our senses back to that time.
This, the whole, the whole society attacked him.
And you have to be with great sincerity for being, speaking the right, (unintelligible), "worship God alone. Follow the word of God alone" for 3 years.
The prophet Muhammad and a few of people and his close friends, Abu Bakr and some others, not even Omar.
Omar did not believe in the first 3 years.
Then when it became public, he was persecuted. He was, he was sold. He was chased out of the city (unintelligible). These are historical events.
This is the prophet Muhammad, God's final prophet, God's messenger.
His tribe, they sold him, chased him out of the city.
Just imagine, it's just a picture.
He is running and there is a strong storm ahead.
Just imagine that picture.
out of tribe. Why?
Because he told them to abandon their practices that they inherited from their parents.
Because they were all wrong. They were following the religion of Abraham, Islam.
But everything was distorted. They were wrong.
Their Prayers were wrong. Their Zakat was wrong. Everything they were doing was wrong. It was distorted.
And they sent (unintelligible) for their gods to whom they prayed for everything. That's it.
And the only difference back then was (unintelligible)
This problem, they threw dirty stuff in front of his house.
When he opened the door to get out, he found it dirty, pieces of dirt, in front of his house.
They threw stones at him.
(unintelligible), why?
I mean, just this is the nature of a disbeliever.
So, number 5 again,
[40:5] Disbelieving before them were the people of Noah, and many parties after them. Every community attacked their messenger to neutralize him. And they argued with falsehood, to defeat the truth. ...
We have the truth. And we have physical evidence for the truth.
But they argued with falsehood.
It's amazing the things they come up with.
Lie after lie after lie after lie.
Even they got tired of their lies and they sense it.
For example, when it came to me personally, they told me every, every name in the book.
They called me from Khomeini and a Baha'i, from Gaddafi, a mason.
Dr. Khalifa: Things I never heard of.
A man: It's a joke. Dr. Khalifa: It's a joke?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) they do. (unintelligible).
But David says that they get tired of one description and after a while they, they abandon it and then they put another one.
They said "Baha'i" and then they get tired of it. And then they put "mason" and then they get tired of it.
And they put something else.
So, they argue with falsehood.
[40:5] ... to defeat the truth. Consequently, I punished them; how terrible was My retribution!
And we will witness retribution for the Muhammadans who are refusing to accept the miracle of the Quran
and refusing to accept the messenger of the covenant which is a rare opportunity.
We are very fortunate in that we live in this age including myself, all of us, as believers
because when we live in this particular age where there is a messenger,
the people of that generation are either in the Highest Heaven or the lowest pit of Hell. There is no in-between.
Those who support the messenger and believe based on the evidence and proof of this system, God's proof is not subtle.
So, we can all, we can ask, you can ask yourself "based on this evidence and the proof, do I believe that Rashad is God's messenger?"
The answer is "yes",
he is heading for the High Heaven, the highest rank. This is why it is my duty to find this out.
Because there is so much responsibility hanging on it.
Your answer is "no", you are heading for the lowest pit of Hell and may God save you.
(unintelligible)
But if you continue with the way you are and you reject all the powerful evidence that is utterly overwhelming,
you're heading for the lowest pit of Hell.
[40:5] ... Consequently, I punished them; how terrible was My retribution!
Retribution will come here in this world for the Muhammadans and we will see it.
IN SHAA ALLAH, we will witness it. Because it's inevitable. It's God's law.
The reason, by the way, I opened this at random, so we have to, we have to accept God's assignment here for us.
But the reason I (unintelligible) our personal situation is that this is the Sura that has my name in it.
Sura 40, the only Sura.
And you find this statement that every community attacks their messengers,
in spite of the powerful evidence that we have.
Number 6,
[40:6] Thus, the word of your Lord is already stamped upon those who disbelieve, that they are dwellers of Hell.
This is connected with the messengership.
And again, we have evidence here that the, the verse that talks about the messenger is number 5.
And we're going to Feroz again (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Like I said... A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Excuse my, my pointing out of these things which I used to be (unintelligible), but
I can't afford the punishment of being fired. So, I'm going to say this with you.
If you add the gematrical value of Rashad (505), this is Feroz's (unintelligible) the addition.
The gematrical value of Rashad is 505.
The gematrical value of Khalifa is 725.
And this verse number is 5.
Now, you wanna add them.
Dr. Khalifa: You have A man: 1235
Dr. Khalifa: 1235 which is 19 times, it's a multiple of 19. A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is, this is God's mathematical confirmation that we're living in an age where God will send the messenger of the covenant.
And the things that happened so far and are, and are still happening with the disbelievers.
These are the last days of them, proof that this Quran is the truth.
And the, the beginning of the, the Sura also we will come to verses 10 and 11.
We will see our message.
The message that you and I are proclaiming so loudly. God alone.
We will come to it in just a minute.
So, verse 7.
[40:7] Those who serve the throne (the angels) and all those around it glorify and praise their Lord, and believe in Him. And they ask forgiveness for those who believe: "Our Lord, Your mercy and Your knowledge encompass all things. Forgive those who repent and follow Your path, and spare them the retribution of Hell.
Number 8,
[40:8] "Our Lord, and admit them into the gardens of Eden that You promised for them and for the righteous among their parents, spouses, and children. You are the Almighty, Most Wise.
[40:9] "And protect them from sin. Whomever You protect from sin has attained mercy from You. This is the greatest triumph."
The angels pray for the believers in this world.
In the next two verses, you find exactly, you find the message exactly why people go to Hell.
In 10 and 11.
It's very simple, very simple...
Number 10 says,
[40:10] Those who disbelieve will be told, "GOD's abhorrence towards you is even worse than your own abhorrence towards yourselves. For you were invited to believe, and you decided to disbelieve."
[40:11] They will say, "Our Lord, you have given us two death,* and two lives; now we have confessed our sins. Is there any way out?"
Is there any way out of Hell?
Now, let us see the reason why are they in Hell.
Now, pay attention here. Don't let anything distract you. Well,
[40:12] This is because when GOD ALONE was advocated, you disbelieved, but when others were mentioned beside Him, you believed. Therefore, GOD's judgment has been issued; He is the Most High, the Great.
Is this simple enough? When God alone is advocated they disbelieve.
Dr. Khalifa: When God and Muhammad is advocated they believe.
A woman: Okay. When you said that another thing that's not reached then our experience will be, will be unrewarded.
A woman: And if somebody has been really not (unintelligible) and still believe in God and Muhammad because...
Dr. Khalifa: It's in vain.
A woman: Why?
Dr. Khalifa: It is in Sura 39, just before this.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
To believe in God alone is a prerequisite for acceptance of the good works.
The good works are utterly in vain if a person does not accept God alone.
If they cannot get rid of the addiction that happened to Islam in the last 1400 years.
Their works are in vain. This is very important. They can be as nice as can be.
They can even do the Five Prayers every day.
But their Five Prayers include the name of Muhammad, 'Ale-Muhammad (family of Muhammad), Ibrahim, 'Ale-Ibrahim (family of Ibrahim) and so on.
They're wasting their time. That's what God says. Let's look at this in Sura 39.
Because the question is, is quite important.
I'm gonna find it.
65
65
Subtitle is Idol Worship Nullifies All Work.
There's the answer.
[39:65] It has been revealed to you, and to those before you that if you ever commit idol worship, all your works will be nullified, and you will be with the losers.
[39:66] Therefore, you shall worship GOD alone, and be appreciative.
It's just (unintelligible) why people insist on going to Hell.
I'm accustomed, accustomed most of, most of our meetings where spies actually come
to spy on the group, see what they're saying, and doing and go tell other people.
And it's (unintelligible)
after they hear the truth and see the evidence, they even have to be the worst of the worst.
I mean, they, they end up in the lowest of the lowest pit of Hell.
They come in, they sit down, they look, they see here, for example, we're saying the word of God, not our word.
And this is because you are Hell because when God alone is advocated, you disbelieve, but when others were mentioned besides Him, you believe.
But they should go their folks and tell them that and (unintelligible)
Because they, (unintelligible) they, invariably they drop because God is dropping them.
Because they go and they are swept in the crowd, with the crowd that they belong with,
that they spy on their behalf, and instead of helping those other people,
they put themselves and the others in the lowest of the lowest pit of Hell.
Because this, these are great (unintelligible).
And I'm not the one who's saying this, you're not the one who's saying this, God is saying this.
Number 13,
[40:13] He is the One who continuously shows you His signs, ...
This certainly is applicable to the miracle of the Quran.
Last night, we witnessed (unintelligible)
Last night, (unintelligible)
Behrouz witnessed it.
We saw the one page that had these numbers, the total number of verses in the Quran, a multiple of 19,
the number of Suras a multiple of 19, the number of the word God a multiple of 19,
the total of the verse numbers where the word God is mentioned a multiple of 19.
I mean, what, what more do we want?
I'm telling you any person who left (unintelligible) a disbeliever in God and then God's miracle in the Quran, God (unintelligible)
they're absolutely (unintelligible).
And those are powerful signs. They're very clear.
And this is, this is what God says,
[40:14] Therefore, ...
Excuse me, 13,
[40:13] He is the One who continuously shows you His signs, ...
And this is applicable to our generation.
We are continuously seeing signs.
Let me share the latest one with you.
A fantastic sign, it just was discovered last night. Today is what, Saturday? Yesterday. It was discovered yesterday.
One of the, if you look at the perspective right here, miracle of miracles.
At the bottom of the line, you can look at this one, after the (unintelligible)
At the bottom line on this page, we have the number of Rak'ats in the whole day.
By the way, before I say this, one of the famous worst blasphemies against God who wrote a Muhammadan say,
they say "if the Quran is complete, perfect, and fully detailed", then, I added parentheses
"(as God claimed)" cause this is what they really say.
Well, let me say the sentence complete as it should be said by them, as it's really said by them,
"If the Quran is complete, perfect and fully detailed as God is saying, where can we find the number of Rak'ats in the Quran?"
Because they're actually (unintelligible) God.
God says "the Quran is complete, perfect, fully detailed." We submit to that, and we know that.
And we actually know about this number of Rak'ats' reason.
But they, the devil, adorned in their eyes the question like that "What is the confirmation of number of Rak'ats? How do we know the Noon is 4 Rak'ats?"
By the way, Farshid asked them "Well, Hadith doesn't tell us the number of Rak'ats, (unintelligible) Hadith (unintelligible)."
It came to us from Abraham.
(unintelligible)
It came to us all the way from Abraham.
But at the bottom of this page, we see confirmation of the number of Rak'ats for the Prayers, for the 5 Prayers.
You see a number that it gives you the number of Rak'ats in the whole day, 17.
Followed by the number of the Prayers, the Morning Prayer, the first Prayer, 1, followed by the number of Rak'ats in that Prayer which is 2,
followed by 2 Fãtehahs, because we read 2 Fãtehahs, Sura Al-Fãtehah, Sura 1
and represented by the number of the Sura, the number verses, the number of letters, and the value of the letters.
We put 2 of these, because the long number is representing Al-Fãtehah.
So, we have the first Prayer, 2 Rak'ats, 2 Fãtehahs.
The second Prayer, 4 Rak'ats and 4 Fãtehahs, all these are creating a long number, one long number, all the way to the last Prayer which 4 Rak'ats.
So, This confirms that the first Prayer is 2 units. Oh, that long number is a multiple of 19. That's the confirmation.
The first Prayer is 2 Rak'ats, second Prayer is 4, 3... 4, 4 3 ,4. That's the way we do it.
So, now we know that's how the units are programmed.
Now, according to Muhammadans "How about Friday?"
Friday at Noon, we read only 2 Fãtehahs.
There are 2 Khutbas, counting for 2 units of Prayers and 2 Fãtehahs.
And this is the discovery that was yesterday, Friday.
What is the total number of Fãtehahs that we recite right now? Everyday, we recite 17.
Cause there's a total of 17 Rak'ats everyday.
On Fridays, how many Fãtehahs do we recite, total?
15. So, instead of 17, in this number you put 15.
And now, we put the number of units and the number of Fãtehahs. So, at Noon on Friday, how many Fãtehahs do we read?
2. So, you remove 2 Fãtehahs from this number. It was 15 at the beginning instead of 17, I remove 2 Fãtehahs from the Noon.
And it is a multiple of 19.
If you remove them from the Afternoon Prayer, or the Sunset Prayer, or the Night Prayer, it does not work. That is it.
That was done on Friday, yeah. This is the latest.
So, let's go back to this verse.
Now, these are all physical facts, they are not opinions. They are nobody's opinion.
Number 13 says,
[40:13] He is the One who continuously shows you His signs, and sends down to you from the sky provisions. Only those who totally submit will be able to take heed.
Anyone who does not take heed, and see these signs, and appreciates the miracle of God, and recognizes it
is not a believer, is not a submitter, cannot call himself (unintelligible), a Muslim.
So last night, with the number of signs that we witnessed, anyone who left Ali's house, that a was a blessing
or a terrible curse, going to Ali's house last night.
It was a fantastic blessing, because the believers are heading for the Highest Heaven, or a fantastic curse.
That was the worst day of their life, yesterday, if they disbelieved.
It was the greatest day of their life, if they believed.
It was the worst day of their life, and they will remember this for eternity, if they left Ali's house last night, and didn't believe.
Because this is the generation of extremes.
The Highest Heaven, or the lowest Hell.
You see, it's the people's choice, their choice.
Every individual makes his choice. God left it completely up to us.
Number 14 is good advice, commandment to all of us.
[40:14] Therefore, you shall devote your worship absolutely to GOD ALONE, even if the disbelievers dislike it.
You have friends who are Muhammadans?
This is the time to disown them.
Even if they dislike it, it doesn't matter.
Because you're making a choice.
I mean, God who controls your happiness, health, wealth, your eternal life, or
you can choose Satan, which cannot help your health, your wealth, or happiness, or eternity.
[40:14] Therefore, you shall devote your worship absolutely to GOD ALONE, ...
When you do this, some people, some of your friends, will not like it.
But you make the choice. It is God or your friends.
[40:14] ... even if the disbelievers dislike it.
God is telling you.
Number 15,
[40:15] God is Possessor of the highest ranks, and Ruler of the whole dominion. He sends inspiration, bearing His commands, to whomever He chooses from among His servants, to warn about the Day of Gathering.
This is happening in the present tense, this verse specifically in the present tense.
[40:15] ... He sends inspiration, bearing His commands, to whomever He chooses from among His servants, ...
There are some people who become jealous and resentful.
"Why did God take this person out?"
And this is part of the human strategy.
It's ego that brought us to this world. And it is ego that is keeping most of us from being redeemed.
Jealousy and resentment are Satan's (unintelligible).
You know, I'm honored to talk to you, each one of you.
Because quite often I ask myself "if I'm gonna be truthful, I believe that Rashad Khalifa is God's messenger."
It's very difficult.
You have to overcome the ego.
And you have to consider God's evidence.
You have to submit to God and to His miracle. There is evidence to do that.
By the way, I (unintelligible) to answer.
(unintelligible)
I'm afraid of the... I just (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: And I just (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes, take the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I refuse to answer on the ground that may incriminate me.
But at the same time, I'm honored to talk to you (unintelligible).
I congratulate you. It's not easy.
Some consolation to me is that I am also, as required as you are to believe that Rashad Khalifa is God's messenger.
That was difficult.
I mean, why I still... I know what I'm saying.
Dr. Khalifa: I appreciate your, your value with God.
A man: You know, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) enough courage.
Of course, there's a time of announcement I had to (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He may choose any of us to, to, for a certain function.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, God does this continuously and Satan know this continuously.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, exactly.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Every single person was contributed to (unintelligible) a believer and I mean a complete believer.
This miracle was in the Quran for 1400 years.
And I caught it in the Egyptian (unintelligible) of 1973, the beginning of it.
A man: It was (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: a very powerful hint.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: None, none of the Muhammadans could find anything in this.
And we'll see it, it's very simple. It's simple to understand, impossible, impossible to imitate.
And it's all over the place as we'll see.
So, 1400 years of so-called scholars were scrutinizing everything in the Quran. Why didn't they find it?
Of course, God chooses a timing (unintelligible)
But God chooses the timing.
And there's also the support in this day and age of computers and logic and intellectual stuff.
But this is the time for (unintelligible).
Number 16,
[40:16] That is the day when they will be completely exposed; none of them will hide anything from GOD. To whom belongs all kingship on that day? To GOD, the One, the Supreme.
You notice, God says,
[40:16] ... To whom belongs all kingship on that day? ...
Because God gives Satan (unintelligible)
And he sends his messengers to our (unintelligible)
They work for him, people who come and spy (unintelligible) and backbite us, because of Satan's message.
This is why I made the statement earlier that they're heading in the lowest pit of Hell.
And I used last night as an example.
I used the, for example, God (unintelligible) Quran, so people (unintelligible)
Some people, I know some people left there a disbeliever.
And I know they're heading to the lowest pit of Hell.
(unintelligible)
So, I'm gonna stop right here.
(unintelligible)
Do we have any questions on the subject?
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: Which verses(unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon? A woman: Which verses?
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, 29 and 38.
Dr. Khalifa: Were you there last night when...?
A woman: Yeah, I thought (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: If you, there is a verse, verse 34 says "Do not say that Muhammad was the last messenger."
This is what's really written, verse 34 in this Sura.
And if you go back 4 verses, you'll see the name "Rashad."
If you go forward 4 verses, you'll see the name "Rashad."
So, this was the latest finding.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 40
A woman: 29 and 38.
Dr. Khalifa: If you read the Arabic, you have to look at the Arabic and you'll see.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: 29 says A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: 29 says, قَالَ فِرْعَوْنُ مَآ أُرِيكُمْ إِلَّا مَآ أَرَىٰ وَمَآ أَهْدِيكُمْ إِلَّا سَبِيلَ (40:29) ٱلرَّشَادِ
Well, this is 29.
The last word is Rashad (رَّشَادِ).
And then, in 38, it says,
(40:38) وَقَالَ ٱلَّذِىٓ ءَامَنَ The person who believed said
(40:38) يَٰقَوْمِ ٱتَّبِعُونِ أَهْدِكُمْ سَبِيلَ ٱلرَّشَادِ
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, my people, follow me and you will see the path of righteousness.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: These are the only two places that tell my name, the way I write it. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But the root word, Rashada, Rashidun, Rashed, Rashid, and so on, are 19. There are 19 of them.
A man: That is going to overwhelm the most.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 44.
A man: Signs (unintelligible). The signs have already come.
A man: So, that one's already happened, but... Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. The signs, the conditions, or the signs that are supposed to happen before the end, are given to you.
Dr. Khalifa: There we go.
A man: are given. Dr. Khalifa: In the Quran.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No, no.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The smoke, I imagine, will happen, I'm guessing, in the next 20 to 50 years. (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) that miracle last night. Well, not last night. Friday, you said something about (unintelligible)
A man: I didn't understand (unintelligible) numbers.
A man: It had long numbers (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay (unintelligible) I can tell you this number here, and there's other number.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: See this number here, we're talking about the Raka'ts (unintelligible).
The number of Rak'ats.
(unintelligible) Prayer.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Prayer and 2 Fãtehahs.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: And then,...
A man: Yeah, I understand that. Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
A man: When you went to Friday (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, the second Prayer is 4 steps, 4 (unintelligible).
And we read 4 Fãtehahs.
For Fridays, we have only 15 Fãtehahs. So, we're gonna make this 15 (unintelligible).
Then, we'll come to these 4 units, keep this 4 because there are 2 Khutbas, there are 2 sermons.
(unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But we read only 2 Fãtehahs not 4 times, right?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There's a lot of numbers (unintelligible) A woman: Oh, yeah (unintelligible)
A man: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's just, it's just incredible, you know.
And you cannot remove 2 from any other Prayer. It has to be the Noon Prayer.
So, now we know it is at Noon, and we know it is every, every (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: There are 2 Khutbas (unintelligible)
A man: Mind blowing Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes. Mind blowing. (unintelligible)
A woman: Only (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: (unintelligible), you know.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh. A woman: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. (unintelligible)
If you... My telephone number in Tucson is 791-3989.
Dr. Khalifa: If you dial a different number, you don't (unintelligible).
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. But we, if you... We're gonna have the Morning it's 2 (unintelligible), 2 Rak'ats.
Cause already we set the number before 791.
You see the Noon is 4 (unintelligible) and 4 points (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They're designed to (unintelligible) the people the Prayer. But anyway, they're designed to (unintelligible) the combination.
A man: So, what about the (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) can we say more?
Dr. Khalifa: If you wanna do more without limitation.
However, what, what will you do at Contact Prayers?
What is their purpose, then?
(unintelligible) you can do it. This is Dawn. Then, prostrate any number of times and read Quran,
Dr. Khalifa: and meditate on the name of God for glorification of God and so on.
A man: In India, we have some people who do (unintelligible). Sometimes, even now, I have done a prayer with (unintelligible).
Early morning, we get up (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I don't recommend doing the Contact Prayer, the format, the same format.
I recommend doing things from your heart.
If you want to prostrate a very long time, umpteen times prostration, glorify God, go to that.
In the language you wish, glorify God.
But don't do the format. Because what you do in the Prayer is just you read Al-Fãtehah.
You wanna bow and prostrate, fine do it. But don't follow in the format of the Prayers.
Because we know now it is a mathematically, mathematical combination for contact to God. God gave us that.
You see this in the Quran, God says, He gave Adam specific words whereby Adam was redeemed.
God gave us this. You see how powerful is the mathematical combination in this, of Sura number 1,
as far as the physical structure and the literary composition are concerned.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: In the Quran it says, that I will (unintelligible)
A woman: Does that mean that I will be (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Very good question. Very good question.
This is why I'm very careful in all my publications now.
I put in parentheses, If maintained until death.
If idol worship is maintained until death.
And God will make us understand this,
told us in the Quran that the prophet Muhammad worshipped idols before he was appointed prophet,
I mean, he was guided by God.
So obviously, if one discovers that idol worship is wrong and repents, then, then (unintelligible) as if he never committed idol worship.
Dr. Khalifa: So, idol worship is unforgivable if maintained until death.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: When you repent, the sins become transformed to credit because God is generous.
We make one step towards God and He makes a million steps towards us.
Dr. Khalifa: Good question. Of course.
Did that connect? Well, let it go. (unintelligible)
No way.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Raymond: (unintelligible) sins being turned to credit (unintelligible)
Raymond: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But Raymond, I have news for you. Raymond: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That's not the (unintelligible). This is the real live thing that happened with me.
The man next to me was drinking.
(unintelligible) proper dose. It's really true.
(unintelligible)
(unintelligible) the verse that says when, when we repent (unintelligible) into credits.
I said "Yes."
He said "Well, I'm accumulating as many sins as I can."
Yeah, this is a true story.
I'm glad you remembered. It was only 5 years ago.
It's a true story.
Funny as a joke.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible), do you have a question?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He didn't like who?
A man: Him.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, because God wants to give him a chance to learn.
God wants to give him a chance to prove that... Satan said that he can be a god, like God, right?
And if God made him disappear, we will never know if he really can do it or not.
So, God said "okay, I'm gonna make you, put you, (unintelligible) and see if you can do it."
And now we find out that he cannot do it. So, there are many people who are sick.
There are many accidents in the streets. There are earthquakes. There are problems in the world.
This means Satan cannot, cannot do it.
He's supposed to do it, run the world without any problems.
But if God made him disappear many years ago, we'll never find out.
If you tell me that you can fly a plane, what is the best way to test you?
To give you a plane and say "okay, (unintelligible), fly it."
Then, we'll find out if you really can fly it or not, right?
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is what God, this is what God did with Satan.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: If I tell you I can fly a plane, why would flying a plane (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Why (unintelligible)? Do you think I'll let you fly it?
A man: No way.
A man: What if (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He (unintelligible).
God gave him a chance, and (unintelligible)
God gave Satan a chance. He gave Adam a chance.
Adam repented, but Satan did not.
He really thought he can do it.
He is so arrogant and so ignorant, that he wouldn't repent.
God told him "you still want to go through the demonstration" and he said "yes, I can do it."
Dr. Khalifa: He didn't believe God.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: One word. (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Of course, (unintelligible)
Somewhere you and I, we meet somewhere back there.
Your grandfather (unintelligible)
(unintelligible) Adam and Eve. Anyway.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, now, I think we're mixing two, two levels, two dimensions here,
mixing the physical dimension and the spiritual dimension.
For most people is believing in the Hereafter.
They just can't believe that they will be resurrected after death and go into the real life.
(unintelligible)
Number 23,
[16:23] There is no doubt that GOD knows everything they conceal and everything they declare. He does not love those who are arrogant.
So, He knows even though they give lip service to God and the Hereafter, God is fully aware of their innermost convictions.
And God gave us, for example, the three criteria to bring out those convictions.
It's really very easy.
You tell the person "Quran alone, the word of God alone", they don't like it, which means they don't believe in the Hereafter.
[16:24] When they are asked, "What do you think of these revelations from your Lord," they say, "Tales from the past."
[16:25] They will carry their sins on the Day of Resurrection, all of them, in addition to some sins of those whom they misled by their ignorance. What a miserable load!
So, they will carry their own loads of sins plus the sins of the people that they misled.
[16:26] Others like them have schemed in the past, and consequently, GOD destroyed their building at the foundation, causing the roof to fall on them. The retribution struck them when they least expected.
This is now an American expression, it was a Canadian expression "the roof is going to fall on them." Right.
So, they borrowed it from the Quran.
[16:27] Then, on the Day of Resurrection, He will disgrace them and ask, "Where are My partners that you had set up beside Me, and opposed Me for their sake?" Those who were endowed with knowledge will say, "Today, the shame and misery have befallen the disbelievers."
Here, they fight God, they oppose God because of their idols.
And who's destroying the house?
When you come to Masjid Tucson, I always (unintelligible)
It's exactly this term.
Dr. Khalifa: Where's the baby (unintelligible) so we can get the, we can send our (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Or (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A kid: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: They are the ones who are wrecking the house.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They fight God because of their idols. And even the, when their idol is prophet Muhammad.
This is the problem with the Muhammadans.
So, God gives them revelations, they oppose it.
God gives them an overwhelming miracle. I don't know how to describe it.
Dr. Khalifa: What is the description of the miracle of the Quran? Overwhelming?
Ismali Barakat: Earth shaking. Dr. Khalifa: Earth shaking?
Dr. Khalifa: Not in Vancouver.
Listen, Vancouver has enough believers to protect it.
San Francisco doesn't have it.
Dr. Khalifa: God will save... (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Oh, no, no, it doesn't have (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Oh, oh, I see, I see, I see. What about Parivash?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Even Parivash is okay.
Dr. Khalifa: She's also in San Francisco. Ismail Barakat: Well.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, perfect.
But Parivash called five minutes after the earthquake.
She enjoyed it.
Dr. Khalifa: They didn't get away.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They're actually fighting the miracle, actually fighting it.
Number 28,
[16:28] The angels put them to death in a state of wronging their souls. That is when they finally submit, saying, "We did not do anything wrong!" Yes indeed. GOD is fully aware of everything you have done.
[16:29] Therefore, enter the gates of Hell, wherein you abide forever. What a miserable destiny for the arrogant ones.
These verses, these are the verses that are seen only by the disbelievers.
They say "the Quran is full of Hell and fire and brimstone."
This is the only thing they see.
But in God's infinite wisdom, we always mention Heaven whenever Hell is mentioned.
So, verse 30 says, on the other hand, when the righteous are asked, what do you think
[16:30] On the other hand, when the righteous are asked, "What do you think of these revelations from your Lord," they say, "Good." For those who lead a righteous life, happiness, and the abode of the Hereafter is even better. What a blissful abode for the righteous.
[16:31] They enter the gardens of Eden wherein rivers flow. They have anything they wish therein. GOD thus rewards the righteous.
[16:32] The angels terminate their lives in a state of righteousness, saying, "Peace be upon you. Enter Paradise as a reward for your works."*
So as far as verse 32 is concerned, we learn that at the time of death, every, every person knows exactly where they are going.
Dr. Khalifa: And...
Ismail Barakat: The guys are coming in to kick them out.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, in their rear end and their face.
They know exactly where they are going.
And the Quran also tells us that as far as the departing of the wicked ones, the angels end up snatching their souls.
First, they tell them "let go of your souls."
And they refuse.
It should take a lot of time, a lot of pain.
But for the believers, they're usually 95 years old, and they want to die. And their soul departs gently.
And we have a track record to prove that.
This is what the Quran says, also.
So, we see in 32 that the angels terminate the lives of the righteous saying "peace be upon you. Enter paradise." They have good news.
It is actually the happiest day of their lives, the day they leave.
They also leave after they finish, they pay, their debts finish, their responsibilities,
which means Ali will not leave until he is 114.
They take care of their debts. They grow up their children.
Because of all the ships been moving around the oceans, you know, you have to have a collateral here, a collateral there.
Mã Shã Allãh. God bless you.
Really, this is God's promise to the believers.
Dr. Khalifa: They raise their kids. They pay their debts. They finish all their affairs, and they're ready to go. They want to go.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Why?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no at the time, don't worry. When the time comes, God says everybody has a specific time.
He will send you a lump sum to pay all the debts.
Don't worry.
No worry, no grief.
Dr. Khalifa: This is God's promise. No fear,...
Ismail Barakat: In fact, at the time of death, the righteous know that they're going to Paradise. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: Is that why after they're gone, they're going to have pleasant dreams?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. Forget all this. This is a ten-year-old translation.
Ismail Barakat: Oh, I see.
Dr. Khalifa: They will have an active conscious existence in the world of souls.
Ismail Barakat: Which has no connection with us.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, they are not aware of what we're doing.
Ismail Barakat: They don't care either.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. They don't care, but God lets them, updates certain information for them.
A man: You mean before...
Dr. Khalifa: Before the Resurrection.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: We will simply move from stage to stage.
We enter into a new stage, which is, turns out to be very conscious and very busy.
We don't wonder something like Ismail is a... They are there for a few centuries, and they are very conscious and very busy.
They carry on an active life. We have this here in the Quran.
We have both sides of the coin, the righteous and the wicked.
The righteous are in a, in a...
God says "they are alive. Don't say they are dead."
They are alive at their Lord being provided for. In Arabic, for those who know Arabic,
(3:169) أَحْيَآءٌ عِندَ رَبِّهِمْ يُرْزَقُونَ
They are alive at their Lord being provided for.
And I'm speaking, speaking of this from my own experience, which I shared with many of you.
They're very conscious and very sharp. The consciousness is very sharp.
Dr. Khalifa: And obviously, there are things going on over there.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon? A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The righteous.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Not the martyrs. No, the righteous.
The martyrs are included. All the righteous. Not just the martyrs.
Okay, let me give you, let me give you these verses. We can look it up in the Quran if we want.
But one of them says "Do not say about those who are killed in the cause of God, they are dead. For they are alive at their Lord being provided for."
Well, this is one.
There is a verse that says "Whether you die in the cause of God or are killed in the cause of God, it's the same."
This is another verse.
And then, there is a verse, another one that says "Do not say about those who", I think also, "martyred in the cause of God."
But the conclusion from all these is that all the righteous are alive and well at God.
The unrighteous exist, but it's a miserable existence. You cannot call it alive and well. They are not well.
They are alive, but they're not well. You can put it this way.
So, the world of souls, while waiting for the Resurrection, there is, there is life.
It is not the same life of Heaven and Hell.
Dr. Khalifa: Let me share with you...
Ismail Barakat: There is no punishment.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, a terrible punishment. They know.
The punishment on the end is beat the wicked. This is punishment.
Let's look at Sura 40. This is the other side of the coin.
Okay, 46.
I have to adjust this, the subtitle "A Continuous Nightmare."
46 says,
[40:46] The Hell will be shown to them day and night, and on the Day of Resurrection: "Admit Pharaoh's people into the worst retribution."
So, they will know where they're going. They will see, not see. They will be told. They have a good idea what Hell will be like.
But there is no Hell until the Day of Resurrection.
So, the unrighteous will see, will know exactly where they're heading.
You cannot call that, what verse is it? 41
Sura 40, verse 46.
So, we have at least three verses in the Quran telling us that the righteous will be alive and well.
Dr. Khalifa: We simply move from one stage to the next stage.
Ismail Barakat: Ok. (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, we have to, God is teaching us, giving us more information about that.
Ismail Barakat: But isn't there an Aya that says, an Aya in Sura Y.S. (Yã Sîn) that says,
Ismail Barakat: (36:51) وَنُفِخَ فِى ٱلصُّورِ فَإِذَا هُم مِّنَ ٱلْأَجْدَاثِ إِلَىٰ رَبِّهِمْ يَنسِلُونَ Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: (36:52) قَالُوا۟ يَٰوَيْلَنَا
Dr. Khalifa: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Blowing in the horn would be at the Day of Resurrection. Ismail Barakat: Yeah. Right. Right.
Ismail Barakat: (36:52) مَنۢ بَعَثَنَا مِن مَّرْقَدِنَا هَٰذَا مَا وَعَدَ
Dr. Khalifa: It's talking about beyond that. We're talking about here. This was before the Day of Resurrection.
Dr. Khalifa: The world of souls is before the Day of Resurrection.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, but these guys that are being resurrected, they're... at least
Ismail Barakat: The implication is that they were not aware of what was happening. Dr. Khalifa: Let's say the last, the last...
Dr. Khalifa: The last person on earth departs. Ok? Where will he go?
Dr. Khalifa: The last person on earth.
Ismail Barakat: He'll go to the repository and to the...
Dr. Khalifa: He's gonna go and all the others. Ismail Barakat: Yes. Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Then the earth, there's no more life. Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No. (unintelligible)
Then, the horn is blown.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, and everybody's dead and they go to the world of souls.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible), there's no life. Ismail Barakat: Not everybody.
Dr. Khalifa: But Israfil would be alive.
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. We're talking about on the earth. We're talking about the earth. Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: You're talking about Heaven.
We're talking about the earth. Every human being, they're all assigned, they're dead, they go back to the world of souls.
Then, the horn for resurrection is blown. And everyone is resurrected. And the souls are matched.
(81:7) وَإِذَا ٱلنُّفُوسُ زُوِّجَتْ
Everyone, the soul and the new body are coupled.
Then, they are brought from the world of souls back to this earth, this very earth, the same one.
Dr. Khalifa: And then, God and the angels come to this world. And this is when this world blows up from under our feet.
Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But we don't need it because we'll be airborne all over the world. Butterflies.
Dr. Khalifa: Then, God will create, we read it this morning. Were you here? Ismail Barakat: No.
Dr. Khalifa: In Sura 14, God creates new earth and new universes, including the eighth universe which is Hell.
Ismail Barakat (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is on the earth. Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. The new bodies, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I beg your pardon?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh no, this is a video tape. This is our witness.
We're gonna have a video tape hanging on our neck.
So, if you want to see why we are in that rank or that position, you can view the video tape
and see yourself shoplifting, for example. This is how your hand will testify.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I'm sorry, Carol. You've been trying to ask for the last 15 minutes.
Carol: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Carol: Is that the one you mean?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Because sleeping is like death.
As a matter of fact, our souls wander during the night. And we see visions of dreams. Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, our soul is connected with the body.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right, but it wanders, goes all over the place. Yes.
Now, but death means that connection between the soul and the body is severed.
Dr. Khalifa: Is this what you were gonna ask?
A man: Exactly. Dr. Khalifa: Wow.
A man: Yes, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Our (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes, this extends the dream.
Dr. Khalifa: However, I wanna go back to the concept that we have, that death is like one night of sleep.
It is still true, because it is a finite series of time.
But when you divide by infinity, it equals zero.
The whole, this whole life of this world is mentioned as one hour.
Or blink of an eye. It's all, all right.
So, that period in the depository is very short compared to the Hereafter.
And it's like one life compared to the Hereafter, to the, to Eternity.
But if you look, if you look at it, what is going on right now.
Well, something is going on right now in the world of souls.
What's going on right now in the world of souls is activity and consciousness,
Dr. Khalifa: and people meeting each other and knowing each other, and receiving some news and talking about this news.
Ismail Barakat: But it's a life or an existence about which we know nothing other than what the Quran says.
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I know, for example, in 1971, they were told the messenger of the covenant has been placed on earth, Ismail Barakat: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: and he will unify and purify your messages.
And the prophets received this news, and so they went on to send other people.
Dr. Khalifa: This is what "believe in and support" means.
Ismail Barakat: (3:169) يُرْزَقُونَ
Ismail Barakat: means that they eat and live and sleep and...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I am not gonna go beyond that "being provided for."
I'm sure, I'm sure they need energy to move about. They need energy to communicate.
So, the energy is a provision. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, the how, of course, we have a very limited knowledge about this. Then,...
Ismail Barakat: That's impossible. Other than what God tells you, there is no way...
Dr. Khalifa: In my experience, it was very, very limited and very specific.
I saw them, they saw me, and that's it.
I didn't see anything outside of that.
But we can conclude from this that they left...
After this incident, they left and they sent other people.
But God has informed us that His messenger of the covenant has been placed on the planet earth, and he's doing this and that.
And this is what I call updating the information for them.
So, what does this teach us? It teaches us there's activity. There is knowledge. There is communication. They're alive and well being provided for.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat: And the bad guys?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's a new body, yes.
A man: This original (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The original body?
Dr. Khalifa: The original body? A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: The original body is like the suit you were wearing in 1962.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: The bad guy will be bad and the good guy will be good. A man: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) we don't know how we were...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, God gave us an allegory.
God gave us an example in this world and told us literally how we will be resurrected.
The allegory that we have in this world is the caterpillar.
You heard this before, right?
Dr. Khalifa: The caterpillar, the worm.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: The caterpillar is earthbound, walking on the earth, climbing on trees, things like that.
Dr. Khalifa: And then, it goes into the grave, the cocoon, right, for a while, and then it comes out, what?
Ismail Barakat: A butterfly. (101:4) كَٱلْفَرَاشِ ٱلْمَبْثُوثِ Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
God says (unintelligible)
(101:4) يَوْمَ يَكُونُ ٱلنَّاسُ كَٱلْفَرَاشِ ٱلْمَبْثُوثِ
On that day, the people will be like butterflies.
And this is a very powerful hint as to the connection between... What's the connection between the caterpillar and the butterfly?
This is the same creature, right?
But this is exactly the, the allegory between our bodies now, they're earthbound,
and our bodies in the Hereafter. That's why when the earth shatters from under our feet, we don't care because we're in the air.
We're airborne, and we don't need oxygen or anything like that in the Hereafter.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Ha?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, well, some will not have. They will think like rocks.
A man: Where will they go? Dr. Khalifa: To the edge of the universe.
Dr. Khalifa: The ones who are not, who did not develop their bodies.
Ismail Barakat: Their souls.
Dr. Khalifa: Their souls, excuse me.
As far as fat, if you say fat, right now we need to be on a diet to fatten ourselves as fat as possible for the Hereafter.
So, God says, those who are heavy will make it to Heaven, and those who are light will go to Hell.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, isn't that Heaven?
Ismail Barakat: And we're doing exactly the opposite. We're dieting to get light.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, it's the exact opposite.
You know, I just saw a funny cartoon in a newspaper where they showed two ladies with wings. They're in Heaven.
And there's a table in front of them with cups of cake, and a flag on each one saying calorie equal zero.
(unintelligible) "Now, I know we're in Heaven."
So, for, for the Hereafter, we need to fatten ourselves as much as possible.
And you fatten yourself by doing the Five Prayers, for example.
Every Prayer is a meal.
Every time you say "Subhan Allah", it's a meal.
When you jump out of bed in the morning, you say "Bismillah", it's a meal.
Snack, excuse me.
These are snacks, by the way. So, just take as many snacks as you can.
You look at your kids and say "Mã Shã Allãh."
You start your car and say "Bismillah."
When your son is very nice, you say "Mã Shã Allãh. Alhamdu Lillah."
Praise be to God. Say it in English, any language you want. So, all these are snacks to fatten you.
Dr. Khalifa: And we'd like to be as fat as possible.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. All this will help make you as fat as possible. A man: Yes.
The skinny ones will not be able to stand the presence of God and will deliberately go.
Remember there are mosquitoes and flies and butterflies. There are all kinds of flying objects that start out as a worm.
So right now, we are in our larval state.
Dr. Khalifa: We can accept that.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: And it's not...
Dr. Khalifa: And it's not important, really.
Dr. Khalifa: This life is not important if you spend it rich or poor or fat or skinny. It's all the same. It doesn't matter.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: What matters is redemption to God's kingdom.
Dr. Khalifa: To be redeemed.
A man: When you hear of people that they die (unintelligible). Is that an example of that or (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: They never died. If they came back to tell you about it, they never died. A man: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: What they're saying is an out-of-body experience.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Yes. A man: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Because when we die, we don't come back. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Craig.
Craig: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Nobody knows that.
Dr. Khalifa: Only God knows the future, unless God wills to reveal certain information through the messengers,
that He wants to, that He chose to deliver this news to the rest of the world.
(unintelligible)
But, just to (unintelligible) complete your question, sometimes we are given glimpses of our videotapes.
Every, each one of us has a videotape already recorded before we (unintelligible)
And when we sleep and our soul is out there (unintelligible), one of the qualities of the soul, which is, has some
qualities of God. One of the qualities is traveling in time.
So, you can travel in time to 1998, and you see, it's my favorite example,
you see yourself in Moscow buying a diamond ring from a midget in Moscow.
And wake up in the morning, it feels like a dream to you.
Moscow, a midget, diamond ring, crazy dream.
But time goes by in 1988, there you are in Moscow buying a diamond ring from a midget. And you remember immediately.
Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: This happens to almost every one of us actually. Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You find yourself in a situation, and you remember that you've seen this before.
Dr. Khalifa: And you swear, you know, saw it.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's a, it's simply a glimpse of your future. You look, you have fast forward. You've have fast forward, then you pause to play for a second, and then you came back. Yes.
Ismail Barakat: My mother, Rashad, tried to tell me that dreams always come true.
So one day, she bought me a red shirt.
Ismail Barakat: I said "this is a very strange thing, why would you buy me a red shirt?"
Dr. Khalifa: Especially in Egypt.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, not... Dr. Khalifa: Oh, not. Not (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: So, she said "well, I dreamt that I bought you a red shirt, so I went out to buy it."
Dr. Khalifa: A self-, a self-proclaimed prophecy.
Ismail Barakat: A self-proclaimed prophecy.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Not that I know of.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: ESP (extra-sensory perception) and things like that? Maybe, yes.
A woman: It happened to me. Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Tell us about it.
A woman: No, I don't want to.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, really, because we share these experiences.
Dr. Khalifa: I know that thinking about it is possible.
Ismail Barakat: It happened to me.
Dr. Khalifa: The premonition.
A woman: I think I saw it.
(unintelligible)
A woman: It had to do with, with my marriage to (unintelligible).
I was, when I met him, I was at the hospital. And I...
I just met him. It was really by chance that I met him. I wanted to (unintelligible)
But I really wasn't particularly interested in (unintelligible) for coffee.
That kind of thing. Nothing special.
I think once I went for dinner with him.
And then by chance (unintelligible) and I went back Seattle. But I actually had a friend in Seattle who wanted, you know, try to impress me. There was a possibility of marriage. (unintelligible)
And I was at this person's home. And I was sitting there.
And I got (unintelligible) when I left (unintelligible) "give me a call when you're coming back (unintelligible). I'll pick you up (unintelligible)"
(unintelligible)
A woman: And I was sitting at this friend's house in Seattle. And I got...
Dr. Khalifa: Premonition
A woman: this strangest feeling that I could go and call him because I was (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Wow.
A woman: It was just incredible. I knew it. It was just like a, just like a flash in front of me.
I went to the phone. I called him up. I told him (unintelligible)
From that minute on, I knew I was getting married to him.
A woman: I had no idea why. I was not particularly interested.
Dr. Khalifa: Obviously, you had a glimpse of your future. A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But you were fully awake.
A woman: I was fully awake. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it is possible.
Dr. Khalifa: Ihsan.
Ihsan: I'd like to share my experience here because Ali, that I had agreed before I married him that I (unintelligible) married to him.
Dr. Khalifa: Really?
Ihsan: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Ihsan: And he was married before.
Ihsan: He's absolutely nowhere (unintelligible) divorced at that time.
(unintelligible)
that (unintelligible) his brother.
(unintelligible)
Ihsan: seeing that (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: You know what, (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: That's the only time I've ever heard that.
Dr. Khalifa: But it's already 200... Go ahead.
A woman: And I had a dream that his ex-wife was waking me up and telling me all about him.
A woman: I mean, stuff that I overlooked because I was too young, I was married when I was 17.
A woman: No, I was 16 at that time. I said "what the heck (unintelligible)?"
A woman: No way. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: How much later did you marry him?
A woman: Sorry?
Dr. Khalifa: How old were you when you got married?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, three years later. So, you had this, you had this vision three years in advance.
This is, this is definitely a prophecy of the human being. It has nothing to do with belief or disbelief.
It has to do with the nature of things. That we have a body and a soul.
Dr. Khalifa: And the soul has the quality of (unintelligible).
A woman: So, sometimes I just dream something that popped in my head.
Dr. Khalifa: And it comes to pass?
A woman: And it comes.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, of course, the Quran teaches us that dreams have, some dreams have significance. Like we have Joseph's dream.
We have the king's dream, seven fat cows and seven skinny cows.
Now, these need interpretation.
The seven fat cows and seven skinny cows meant seven good years followed by seven bad years.
(unintelligible) in cows and years.
So, this is another type of dream. And God teaches us that they have significance.
Many dreams are just nonsense.
Dr. Khalifa: And some have to do with your physical condition, whether you have a headache or a stomachache or ate too much.
Ismail Barakat: It was a random dream, I guess.
A woman: So, how do we know what is a nonsense dream and what is a dream that you (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: You just forget about them. Don't worry about them.
Dr. Khalifa: And I'm telling you, if God wanted you to know something, like in the case of Pharaoh, He will let you know.
God will, yeah, God will find a way. He will teach you that you know certain things that He wanted you to know.
Dr. Khalifa: So, don't worry about dreams. Don't try to interpret them either because as you can see, there is no connection between cows and years.
Ismail Barakat: And, and dwarfs and (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, also... yes, dwarfs and (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Also, the two people with Joseph in the prison, one of them had a dream about
Ismail Barakat: The birds eating (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That they told him he was gonna be crucified and he was crucified.
So, there is a basis for these things.
What is the connection between bread on his head and the bird eating him, and being crucified?
Dr. Khalifa: But this is a gift that God gave Joseph.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, God gave to Joseph.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, the man.
Ismail Barakat: The prisoner.
Ismail Barakat: And the other guy was doing something, serving wine.
A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And he became the king's butler, you know.
Ismail Barakat: But it's significant that it's the bartender who brought Joseph to the attention of the Pharaoh. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: That was the idea. This is how God arranged the events so that the bartender...
Ismail Barakat: How do the Sunnis speak of this episode?
Ismail Barakat: He's after all the bartender, the server of drinks. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: This, the story is so benign that no distortion happened.
In the Bible, it's word for word than the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Because it has no doctrines that would affect the Trinity or the monotheism. And the same with the Sunnis and the...
Ismail Barakat: No, it's, it's parallel to the Anheuser-Busch thing.
Dr. Khalifa: No, not really.
Ismail Barakat: It is a parallel. You know, this guy is serving liquor.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, but let me tell you the Quran (unintelligible)
So, which verse were we, were we at?
33, The Disbelievers
[16:33] Are they waiting for the angels to come to them, or until your Lord's judgment comes to pass? Those before them did the same thing. GOD is not the One who wronged them; they are the ones who wronged themselves.
What are they waiting for?
But in our case, there's a fantastic miracle from the Quran.
What are they waiting for?
And God keeps threatening it.
[16:33] Are they waiting for the angels to come to them,...
So, at the end of the verse, we see that
[16:33] ... GOD is not the One who wronged them; they are the ones who wronged themselves.
[16:34] Therefore, they incurred the consequences of their evil works, and the very things they ridiculed came back to haunt them.
Yes.
The people who witness the miracle of Quran, boy, they're gonna be in bad shape in the Hereafter.
It will come back and haunt you.
Famous Excuse, verse 35.
[16:35] The idol worshipers say, "Had GOD willed, we would not have worshiped any idols besides Him, nor would our parents. Nor would we have prohibited anything besides what was prohibited by Him." Those before them have done the same. Can the messengers do anything but deliver the message?
Now, this is a very important verse. I'm gonna stop here and share with you some real life experiences.
This statement is said by many idol worshippers.
But I want to specifically, something that we all know, the prohibition, dietary prohibition,
as far as the Mohammedans are concerned.
They have a list of prohibitions.
It is very (unintelligible), to say the least.
We are taught throughout the Quran, when you have, prohibit something, God did not prohibit.
Then, you have another god who prohibited that for you.
It is idol worship.
Prohibition of items that are not prohibited by God, is idol worship.
Sura 6.
So simply, you have some other god who prohibited that for you.
And just like the addition of other things, that God did not sanction.
For example, in Wudu, God gave us four steps.
Dr. Khalifa: If you have 9 steps, some other god gave you 5 steps.
Ismail Barakat: And they also (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Which means, you go to any mosque, go to any mosque in the world and ask them how do they do their Wudu, they give you 9 steps.
God gave us 4 steps.
Read forward, very clear, Sura 5, verse 6, in the Quran.
So, who gave them the other 5 steps?
Some other god.
Who is, by their definition, the prophet Muhammad, against his will?
They think, they say "this is how the prophet did the, the Wudu."
Well, this came out of the prophet's mouth.
The prophet told you 4 steps.
Dr. Khalifa: So in effect, they're accusing the prophet of disobeying God.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: God said "here's how you do your Wudu.
"Wash your face, arms to the elbows, wipe your hair, wash your feet."
4 steps.
So, they added 5.
That's another god.
God said "there are 4 meats prohibited,
"pork, animals that die of themselves without human interference, running blood, animals dedicated to others than God."
These are the 4.
So, but they have, they have a list of other foods.
You cannot buy milk with vitamin D3 added in. How did they get this D3?
Dr. Khalifa: I think they relate it to pig or something.
Ismail Barakat: Idiots
Dr. Khalifa: This is what I think.
Ismail Barakat: You know, I'll tell you something.
Dr. Khalifa: But you have to read the ingredients of the milk. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: If it is D4, you can drink it. If it is D3, you cannot drink it.
Dr. Khalifa: Haram. Ismail Barakat: In, in the Sunni mosques, Sunni mosques, they have a list of items,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: of products, that you cannot use.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: Including certain toothpastes.
Dr. Khalifa: Hush puppies. Yes. Ismail Barakat: And Hush puppies
Ismail Barakat: And this and that. A whole bunch of things that they get directly from the Jews.
Dr. Khalifa: Hush puppy shoes.
Ismail Barakat: Directly from the Jews, from the Rabbis in New York. And in fact, they said so. But they accept it.
Dr. Khalifa: You cannot use ivory soap.
It doesn't taste good.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, sir?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Do not eat meat that's dedicated to other than God.
Dr. Khalifa: You're gonna add things to it without even knowing.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. You said "we cannot eat meat that's not dedicated to God."
Ismail Barakat: No, that's not true.
Dr. Khalifa: That's not true.
A man: In other words, it does not have to be dedicated to God and others.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: But it must not be dedicated to other than God.
Dr. Khalifa: You have to see what God is saying in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: He says "you do not eat meat that is dedicated to Jesus or Muhammad or Ali or Imam Reza."
Ismail Barakat: Or anybody else.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I know. I'm just, I'm just naming names so you can know what it is.
A man: I said last night that there was a book that says (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: 22:36? Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible) blood.
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, this is
(unintelligible)
[22:36] The animal offerings are included GOD's rituals for your own good. You shall mention GOD's name on them while they are standing in line. You shall eat therefrom and feed the poor and the needy. This is why we have subdued them for you, that you may show your appreciation.
This has to do specifically with the Hajj sacrifices.
However, you are required and I am required to mention the name of God if we are sacrificing animals.
Because what you're doing is you're getting permission from the Creator of this animal.
Imam Reza is not the creator of this animal or Jesus.
You cannot mention and dedicate this animal or sacrifice it in the name of other than God.
Because God is the only Creator of this animal.
So, this is true. This is a commandment. You cannot sacrifice an animal without mentioning the name of God.
But eating is something else.
Eating, specifically, are 4 and repeated in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: 3 or 4 times.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Perfectly all right. Well, let us go, let us go to the Safeway market. Ok?
We go to the Safeway market, we stand at the meat counter.
Here is some meat in front of us.
You ask the four, the four questions.
Is it pork?
You answer me.
Is it, did they die without human interference?
Is it running blood?
Was it dedicated to Jesus or anybody else?
Then, it is okay.
Take it home and eat it.
Dr. Khalifa: But before you eat it, you mention the name of God.
Ismail Barakat: Before you eat? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: But it's not just the meat. Before you eat anything. Dr. Khalifa: Anything.
Dr. Khalifa: Even (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: Even an apple.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, an apple or egg.
God says "do not eat from that upon which the name of God is not mentioned."
And this means eggs and apples and bread.
Dr. Khalifa: Ezzedin, is that Ok?
Ezzedin: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, we're standing now in Safeway market in front of the meat counter.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, there is something that says, (6:121) وَلَا تَأْكُلُوا۟
Do you know Arabic well?
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Okay.
(6:121) وَلَا تَأْكُلُوا۟ مِمَّا لَمْ يُذْكَرِ ٱسْمُ ٱللَّهِ عَلَيْهِ
[6:121] Do not eat from that upon which the name of GOD was not mentioned, ...
Now, I'd like to generalize this to everything, like eggs and apples and bread, cheese. Anything, rice.
In other words, God gives us another excuse to commemorate Him and meditate on His name. You say "Bismillah" and you eat.
Before you eat.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Suppose you say to the people, "Do not take the meat, without stating the name of Allah."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they don't say the name of Allah.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. You say the name of Allah, also. You say it.
A woman: Oh, I see.
Dr. Khalifa: Before you eat.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: Because it doesn't fall into prohibited... Dr. Khalifa: The 4, the 4 categories
Dr. Khalifa: It is not one of the 4 categories.
If it is dedicated to Jesus, you cannot eat it. Or to anybody else.
Dr. Khalifa: But the fact is, in Canada, they never dedicate it to anybody.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Because it's not one of the 4 prohibitions.
Dr. Khalifa: So, when you eat, you say "Bismillah" and you eat.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But if you are sacrificing the animal yourself, a sheep or a cow or a chicken, you have to say "Bismillah. Allahu Akbar."
Dr. Khalifa: Do you ever sacrifice an animal, a chicken, yourself?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, when you do, then you are required, commanded by God to say the name of God.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: But you go to Safeway market and you ask these 4 questions.
So, the prohibition of ivory soap or Colgate toothpaste or any of those things, or some other kind, it is a confession of idol worship,
Dr. Khalifa: Shirk, in the Sunni mosque or any other mosque.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Say like what, eating pork?
A woman: No, no, no. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You see, but the sin of that statement will be on whoever taught him those 9 steps.
However, as soon as they find out that God said four steps, they are supposed to drop everything else because
God emphasizes here in Sura 2 and in Sura 31, that when they follow these revelations of God, they say
Dr. Khalifa: we're gonna follow what our parents taught us, and they are going to Hell.
Ismail Barakat: And that's precisely what happened? Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, but a person who's heading for Heaven instead of Hell will say,
"is this what God says?" You say "yeah." "Okay, then I'm gonna do 4 steps.
Dr. Khalifa: This is what we did.
A woman: Correct.
Dr. Khalifa: And this applies to anything else.
As soon as you find out what God is saying, you drop whatever your parents taught you.
For example, our parents taught us to say "Muhammad, 'Ale Muhammad, Ibrahim, 'Ale Ibrahim" in the Prayer.
We find out in the Quran, God says "don't mention anybody's name except the name of God."
Then, you immediately drop that without hesitation if you're fortunate.
But if you insist on following your parents' footsteps, let us see what happens in Sura 37.
I'll come back to you, Shahnaz, just a second. Sura 37.
I'll give you the verse number right now.
They found our parents astray. Where is that verse?
69? Thank you.
Yeah, they followed their parents blindly.
Verse 69 says,
[37:69] They found their parents astray. [37:70] And blindly followed their footsteps.
So, this is what the majority of Muhammadans do, unfortunately.
Dr. Khalifa: And this is what we did for a long time.
Ismail Barakat: You tell them this is what the Quran says, and they start arguing to rationalize why they do the 9 steps.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, this is what God says.
Dr. Khalifa: When they are told "follow these revelations of God", they say, "we follow what our parents did." Ismail Barakat: "what our parents did"
A man: Yeah, I would say there's a difference between, there's difference between the Halal meat the Safeway meat.
Ismail Barakat: It's a lot of money.
A man: It's more expensive than the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Very expensive. By the way, this is a true story. There was a butcher in London,
and every day, every day somebody would walk in and say "Do you have Halal meat?" He says "no", so they leave.