Dr. Khalifa: The equivalence of going from a baby to a young person, a teenager.
We are now... If, if we started out as babies, we are now teenagers.
That's how powerful the Zikr (ذکر) is.
It's, it's God's absolutely most beloved form of worship, according to the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: And it is the most, it is the steak and lobster dinner for the soul.
A woman: Subhan Allah.
Dr. Khalifa: And if we are to visualize the importance of Zikr (ذکر), you can imagine the Day of Resurrection
and people being resurrected as babies.
Imagine, imagine a person staying a baby all their lives not, because of not feeding the soul.
That is very important.
I was gonna say, too bad that, that we don't see the, what happens to the soul because it's obscured
by the body, but you can imagine it.
Not too bad because this is God's design.
The test requires that things be obscured and hidden.
So, you rely completely on your logic and your belief, your faith.
So, each one of us deserves congratulations for coming to this fantastic meal, feeding the soul, commemorating our God.
A'uzu Billahi Mina Shaytani Rajim أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ (We seek refuge in God from Satan the rejected)
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ (In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful)
Qul Huwallahu Ahad (112:1) قُلْ هُوَ ٱللَّهُ أَحَدٌ [112:1] Proclaim, "He is the One and only GOD.
Allahu Samad (112:2) ٱللَّهُ ٱلصَّمَدُ [112:2] "The Absolute GOD.
Lam Yalid Wa Lam Yulad (112:3) لَمْ يَلِدْ وَلَمْ يُولَدْ [112:3] "Never did He beget. Nor was He begotten.
Wa Lam Yakullahu Kufuwan Ahad (112:4) وَلَمْ يَكُن لَّهُۥ كُفُوًا أَحَدٌۢ [112:4] "None equals Him."
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ Qul Huwallahu Ahad (112:1) قُلْ هُوَ ٱللَّهُ أَحَدٌ Allahu Samad (112:2) ٱللَّهُ ٱلصَّمَدُ Lam Yalid Wa Lam Yulad (112:3) لَمْ يَلِدْ وَلَمْ يُولَدْ Wa Lam Yakullahu Kufuwan Ahad (112:4) وَلَمْ يَكُن لَّهُۥ كُفُوًا أَحَدٌۢ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ Qul Huwallahu Ahad (112:1) قُلْ هُوَ ٱللَّهُ أَحَدٌ Allahu Samad (112:2) ٱللَّهُ ٱلصَّمَدُ Lam Yalid Wa Lam Yulad (112:3) لَمْ يَلِدْ وَلَمْ يُولَدْ Wa Lam Yakullahu Kufuwan Ahad (112:4) وَلَمْ يَكُن لَّهُۥ كُفُوًا أَحَدٌۢ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ (In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful)
Qul A'uzu Bi Rabbil Falaq (113:1) قُلْ أَعُوذُ بِرَبِّ ٱلْفَلَقِ [113:1] Say, "I seek refuge in the Lord of daybreak.
Min Sharri Ma Khalaq (113:2) مِن شَرِّ مَا خَلَقَ [113:2] "From the evils among His creations.
Wa Min Sharri Ghasiqin Iza Waqab (113:3) وَمِن شَرِّ غَاسِقٍ إِذَا وَقَبَ [113:3] "From the evils of darkness as it falls.
Wa Min Sharri Naffasati Fil Uqad (113:4) وَمِن شَرِّ ٱلنَّفَّـٰثَـٰتِ فِى ٱلْعُقَدِ [113:4] "From the evils of the troublemakers.
Wa Min Sharri Hasidin Iza Hasad (113:5) وَمِن شَرِّ حَاسِدٍ إِذَا حَسَدَ [113:5] "From the evils of the envious when they envy."
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ (In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful)
Qul A'uzu Bi Rabbi Nnas (114:1) قُلْ أَعُوذُ بِرَبِّ ٱلنَّاسِ [114:1] Say, "I seek refuge in the Lord of the people.
Maliki Nnas (114:2) مَلِكِ ٱلنَّاسِ [114:2] "The King of the people.
Ilahi Nnas (114:3) إِلَـٰهِ ٱلنَّاسِ [114:3] "The god of the people.
Min Sharril Waswasil Khannas (114:4) مِن شَرِّ ٱلْوَسْوَاسِ ٱلْخَنَّاسِ [114:4] "From the evils of sneaky whisperers.
Allaziyu Waswasu Fi Suduri Nnas (114:5) ٱلَّذِى يُوَسْوِسُ فِى صُدُورِ ٱلنَّاسِ [114:5] "Who whisper into the chests of the people.
Minal Jinnati Wa Nnas (114:6) مِنَ ٱلْجِنَّةِ وَٱلنَّاسِ [114:6] "Be they of the jinns, or the people."
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ
Qul A'uzu Bi Rabbil Falaq (113:1) قُلْ أَعُوذُ بِرَبِّ ٱلْفَلَقِ Min Sharri Ma Khalaq (113:2) مِن شَرِّ مَا خَلَقَ Wa Min Sharri Ghasiqin Iza Waqab (113:3) وَمِن شَرِّ غَاسِقٍ إِذَا وَقَبَ Wa Min Sharri Naffasati Fil Uqad (113:4) وَمِن شَرِّ ٱلنَّفَّـٰثَـٰتِ فِى ٱلْعُقَدِ Wa Min Sharri Hasidin Iza Hasad (113:5) وَمِن شَرِّ حَاسِدٍ إِذَا حَسَدَ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ
Qul A'uzu Bi Rabbi Nnas (114:1) قُلْ أَعُوذُ بِرَبِّ ٱلنَّاسِ Maliki Nnas (114:2) مَلِكِ ٱلنَّاسِ Ilahi Nnas (114:3) إِلَـٰهِ ٱلنَّاسِ Min Sharril Waswasil Khannas (114:4) مِن شَرِّ ٱلْوَسْوَاسِ ٱلْخَنَّاسِ Allaziyu Waswasu Fi Suduri Nnas (114:5) ٱلَّذِى يُوَسْوِسُ فِى صُدُورِ ٱلنَّاسِ Minal Jinnati Wa Nnas (114:6) مِنَ ٱلْجِنَّةِ وَٱلنَّاسِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) (1:2) بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ [1:1] In the name of GOD, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) (1:2) ٱلْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ رَبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ [1:2] Praise be to GOD, Lord of the universe.
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) (1:3) ٱلرَّحْمَـٰنِ ٱلرَّحِيمِ [1:3] Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) (1:4) مَـٰلِكِ يَوْمِ ٱلدِّينِ [1:4] Master of the Day of Judgment.
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) (1:5) إِيَّاكَ نَعْبُدُ وَإِيَّاكَ نَسْتَعِينُ [1:5] You alone we worship; You alone we ask for help.
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) (1:6) ٱهْدِنَا ٱلصِّرَٰطَ ٱلْمُسْتَقِيمَ [1:6] Guide us in the right path;
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7) صِرَٰطَ ٱلَّذِينَ أَنْعَمْتَ عَلَيْهِمْ غَيْرِ ٱلْمَغْضُوبِ عَلَيْهِمْ وَلَا (1:7) ٱلضَّآلِّينَ [1:7] the path of those whom You blessed; not of those who have deserved wrath, nor of the strayers.
I guess it doesn't hurt to seek refuge in God twice. I didn't mean to do that.
Just to pursue that idea of healing the soul and developing the soul,
you can imagine an adult in a community of babies.
What a situation, I mean how, how will they look up to that adult?
That, that will be, you know, an approximation of what happens on the, on the Day of Resurrection.
And people are resurrected as adults, and some resurrected as young people, and some resurrected as, you know, babies,
which is the vast majority.
People neglecting to feed their, their soul.
As you know, the goal of our life is to recognize that God Alone is to be worshiped.
And to declare that there is no god except the One God.
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
So, when you say it, close your eyes and concentrate.
And let every cell in your body say it and mean it,
and absorb it
until it becomes the dominant thought.
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
The more you say it, and the more you mean it, the more you grow with the consequences, enjoyable consequences.
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
God speaks in the first person singular in the Quran saying you shall observe Salat for the purpose of commemorating Me.
(20:14) وَأَقِمِ ٱلصَّلَوٰةَ
Observe the Salat (Contact Prayers)
(20:14) لِذِكْرِىٓ
for commemorating Me
So, when we make Zikr (ذکر) in this way, it is equivalent to making a hundred Salat or maybe more.
And every time we say "Allah", the name of God, we wipe out God knows how many sins,
how many of our sins are wiped out from the past.
So, we make up for all the past years where we missed the Salat
and we wipe out all the mistakes and sins that we fell in the past.
Every time we say "Allah."
So, let it come out of your heart and be big enough to travel across the universe and reach for God, go up there.
Let your soul go.
Close your eyes, concentrate, and enjoy saying the name of God.
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
Let's start with a whsiper.
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
When you say "Qayyum", you recognize God as the Absolute and Eternal King.
Qayyum قَيُّوم (Absolute and Eternal King)
Qayyum قَيُّوم (Absolute and Eternal King)
Allah ٱللَّهُ (God)
Subhan Allah سُبْحَـٰنَ ٱللَّه (God be glorified)
Subhan Allah سُبْحَـٰنَ ٱللَّه (God be glorified)
Alhamdu Lillah ٱلْحَمْدُ لِلَّه (GOD be praised)
Alhamdu Lillah ٱلْحَمْدُ لِلَّه (GOD be praised)
Allahu Akbar ٱللَّهِ أَكْبَر (God is great)
Allahu Akbar ٱللَّهِ أَكْبَر (God is great)
God teaches us in the Quran that everything, the seven universes and the earth and everything in them glorifies God.
The word is Subhan Allah. That's glorification of God.
And it is because they decided to recognize God as the Absolute Master and they had no choice.
But we, the human beings, are the only ones in the universe that have the choice.
So, when you make the choice to glorify God on your own, with your own free will, you attain a great achievement.
When, when people fail to glorify God, saying Subhan Allah, and praise God by saying Alhamdu Lillah,
they are described in Quran as stupid and ignorant, stupid and ignorant, unjust or unappreciative,
for God gave us our eyes.
A human being will do anything.
If somebody holds a gun to his head and demands his eyes or pray a hundred times a day,
then, they will say "OK, I pray a hundred times a day and keep my eyes."
But they are unappreciative of God. God gave them the eyes in advance without any requirements.
The requirement is, you have the free choice to worship God and glorify Him or not.
So, the human being who fails to glorify God, as we just said, is described as stupid and unjust and unappreciative in the Quran.
So, but Alhamdu Lillah, we thank God that, you know, we succeeded in making that decision with God's help.
On the Day of Judgment, when you're reviewing your tape,
and watch this moment where you're glorifying God and praising God, and you watch the,
the nonsense that we say throughout the day, you will be glad for the, for this time.
You'll be happy that the proportion of your utterances that glorify God and praise God is a little higher than, than the others.
That will distinguish you. So, this calls for celebration.
(unintelligible).
Let's celebrate.
Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah اللهِ - اللهِ- اللهِ -اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (God, God, God, God, There is no god except the One God.)
Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah اللهِ - اللهِ- اللهِ -اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (God, God, God, God, There is no god except the One God.)
That kind of song is the song that also commemorates God,
and declares that there is no god except Him, the one God.
For those of you who are not familiar with the word Mawlana (مولانا), our Master.
Some people make their job their master, their boss, their master.
And those are insignificant creatures, the boss, the job, or whatever,
that the people, most people choose.
But we choose our Master, and the One who's holding the seven universes in His right hand,
the Most Powerful, the Omnipotent, Omniscient, Omnipresent, King of the universe.
So, in this, our national anthem, we declare that only God is our Master, which is the highest form of freedom.
Because no one in the world controls your life or can touch you in any way.
So, we're gonna chant happily our national anthem.
Mawlana (مولانا)
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
As we chant that God is our only Master, God mobilizes His forces to be with you.
Remember we talked about the invisible soldiers and we saw them in the Quran, written in the Quran.
The invisible soldiers will be with you and help you and see that everything that you do is guided.
You make an application for a job, or the immigration department, or whatever,
and the application will be carried through by angels.
Because you, you said that you are with Him.
Let us whisper it, first.
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Let's close with Al-Fãtehah.
I'm gonna try to (unintelligible).
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Whether you know it or not, your soul is up there (unintelligible), part of the...
Alhamdu Lillah
Probably, your soul occupies half of Arizona. Our souls are just overlapping, hugging each other.
Dr. Khalifa: The big souls love. The small, small souls hate.
A man: Alhamdu Lillah.
Dr. Khalifa: We read the paper every day and we see that there are murders and fights in bars and nightclubs every day.
So, their souls are shrunk and breaking God's law and they're always fighting and angry and mad and shouting and shooting each other,
in the paper every day and the TV and the radio.
That's amazing.
So, the big souls love.
Even in temples and churches and synagogues and mosques.
Even though they may be off, at least they mention the name of God,
even though along with other idols, which is very wrong, but just that...
You don't, you don't hear about murders in, in a church or synagogue or a mosque.
Out of those places come individuals who make it.
Alhamdu Lillah.
(Bism Allah) Arrahman Arraheem
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ (In the name of GOD, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.)
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ (In the name of GOD, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.)
As we read in the Sura Al-Qadr, at the beginning of this great night, we read in...
God is telling us that the angels descend in this night to carry out every command.
So, when they descend tonight and find people commemorating God, they will, they will see what your dearest wish is.
And they will see to it that if there's anything wrong beginning in your body or whatever, you know, they'll fix it.
And God will shower you with blessings just for commemorating His name in this great night. The angels are here. They're eager
to help anybody who commemorates God.
Let us now try the, this Allah Allah four times, La Elaha Ella Allah.
Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah اللهِ - اللهِ- اللهِ -اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (God, God, God, God, There is no god except the One God.)
Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah اللهِ - اللهِ- اللهِ -اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (God, God, God, God, There is no god except the One God.)
Allahu Lana الله لنا We belong to God.
Falana Al-hana. فلنا الهناء So, happiness belongs to us.
Allahu Lana الله لنا We belong to Allah
Falana Al-hana. فلنا الهناء So, happiness belongs to us.
Allahu Lana, Allahu Lana, Allahu Lana, Falana Al-hana. الله لنا - الله لنا - الله لنا - فلنا الهناء (We belong to God. We belong to God. We belong to God. So, happiness belongs to us.)
Allahu Lana, Allahu Lana, Allahu Lana, Falana Al-hana. الله لنا - الله لنا - الله لنا - فلنا الهناء (We belong to God. We belong to God. We belong to God. So, happiness belongs to us.)
Before the creation of the heavens and the earth, our souls bore witness that only God is our Lord.
So now, our body and soul is going to declare that only God is our Lord.
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Only God is our Lord.
Body and soul. And we mean it.
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Allah, Allah, La Elaha Ella Allah, Mawlana اللهِ - اللهِ - لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ - مولانا (God, God, There is no god except the One God, our Master)
Everyone of these statements deposits a hundred million dollars in your Post-Retirement Account.
You're gonna need every penny of it for eternity.
But these are heavy statements, and heaviest of all is La Elaha Ella Allah.
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
We would commemorate God because we appreciate His greatness, because we love God.
We would do it for nothing.
It just happens that this is God's law, 23 places in the Quran, that He will pay you for commemorating Him,
health, wealth and perfect happiness, guaranteed dignity.
But we do it because we appreciate God.
We would do it for nothing.
La Elaha Ella Allah لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ (There is no god except the One God.)
Allah ٱللَّه God
Let's turn to God and ask Him to accept our Contact Prayers, our Zakat charity and our fasting,
and to continue to guide us in the right path.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
This is the greatest of all nights. This is the night that God mentioned in Quran, in Sura 2, verse 186,
that He accepts the prayers, IN SHAA ALLAH. Congratulations.
God bless you. God loves you. We'll take a break and take it from there.
Mã Shã Allãh