Subhan Allah, Wa Alhamdu Lillah, Wa La Elaha Ella Allah (God be glorified, praise be to God, There is no other god besides God)
Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar (God is the Supreme X2)
Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar (God is the Supreme X2)
La Elaha Ella Allah (There is no other god besides God)
La Elaha Ella Allah (There is no other god besides God)
Alhamdu Lillah, We praise God
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
The Creator of the heavens and the Earth.
As you know by now from Sura 38, verse 60 and 69,
A few billion years ago, we committed a horrendous crime by not upholding God's absolute authority
and the creatures who, without hesitation, upheld God's absolute authority, the angels, they became angels,
suggested that all those creatures who did not uphold God's absolute authority should go to Hell.
But God, Arrahman, Arraheem, the Most Merciful told them I know what you don't know.
God decided to give us another chance.
He could have very easily put us in Hell.
That's the only just thing to do, actually,
but not as far as God was concerned.
The idea was that there was God and His kingdom,
and God simply said those among you who do not uphold My absolute authority, go find yourself some other kingdom.
And we did not uphold God's absolute authority when Satan started that idea.
However, this Quranic information tells us or explains to us why people are so bad.
In Sura 12 verse 103, God says:
Most people, no matter what you do, will not believe.
So, now we know why.
Because basically, we are the bad creatures who did not uphold God's absolute authority.
And then, two verses later, in 106, God says:
that of those who believe, which is the minority now, the majority will idolize something besides God.
So, therefore, a precious minority of a minority will be redeemed,
and this is why this whole universe, a billion trillion stars, and all these designs,
the butterflies, and the cattle and the dogs and the horses, and the computers and the cars and the jobs,
all these things were made just for these precious few to be redeemed.
People are bad.
Repeatedly, throughout the Quran, God says only a few of the human beings are appreciative.
You go and you tell them worship God alone, God alone, La Elaha Ella Allah
and they are so averse.
There is so much resistance to it.
They're so bad. They're holding... God is giving them a chance to redeem themselves,
and they refuse it.
So, we decided here to worship God alone.
And we decided to denounce our crime
and not to set up anything besides God, no prophets, no imams, no saints,
just God alone.
This is how we get redeemed.
And we are convinced. We know that God alone possesses all power.
We know that God alone can help us or wills that we get into adversity.
God alone.
We know that the prophets, the messengers, the imams, the saints are all dead.
And even if they were alive, they were powerless. They can do nothing.
We know that. We are convinced.
We denounced our crime.
and we are very few in the world.
So, why are we so fortunate?
I mean, fortunate does not describe God's blessings on us.
This is like winning a lottery, where...
We had a fellow here, one of the brothers who had a lottery. He didn't know that lottery was HARAAM (Forbidden by God)
and he was showing me how four of the six winning numbers were matching.
And you can imagine when the numbers were coming out on the TV,
and he's holding this lottery ticket in his hand,
and the number, the first number matches Hmm, good sign.
Then, the second number matches. Alright!
And the third number matches and he gets excited,
And the fourth number matches I'm gonna be a millionaire.
This is four out of six matching numbers, he was getting excited.
Now, when you decide, when you denounce our ancient crime and decide to worship God alone,
you've won a lottery with a million numbers.
It's exactly like that, even more than a million,
but let's say, take a million numbers.
And you're sitting... Imagine sitting watching the TV, and you're holding a lottery ticket with a million numbers.
and the first number matches. These are random numbers. The first number is 17,
the next one is 732.
The third number is 816.
The third number is 1009.
and the next one is 6 and so on.
The first number matches. The second number matches. The third number matches and,
you have one million matching numbers.
So, this will give you an idea
since the word fortunate will not describe how fortunate we are.
What I'm trying to share with you in this Khutbah now is,
why are we so fortunate?
There is a reason.
and hopefully, as we share this together, you will understand why you were born at this time in that house, at that place,
And what brought you here.
What are the seemingly weird circumstances that put you in this place.
Why are you here?
You're gonna understand all this.
In Sura 21, verse 51,
Well, let me go back. Let me back up to that incident,
that Feud
when we fell into that crime and we decided not to uphold God's absolute authority.
Did God - This is a rhetorical question-
Did God know which ones are really bad and deserve to go to Hell,
and which ones are really, were swept in the crowd and they deserve to go to the High Heaven,
and which ones are so so and they deserve to go to the Lower Heaven? Did God know that?
Of course, He knew that.
So, and then the test came, after all the agreements and all the things that most of you know.
Babies are being born in this world and being assigned persons, from that pool of creatures, assigned to the babies,
As they are assigned, God knows if this person is going to the High Heaven, or the Lower Heaven or Hell,
So, in essence, you can imagine an invisible stamp on each one of us, that says High Heaven, Low Heaven or Hell.
Already stamped.
And here's the proof, in Sura 21, verse 51, God says,
We granted Abraham his intelligence, or his guidance for we were aware of him,
Ok, in Arabic, maybe you can grasp a few words:
وَلَقَدْ ءَاتَيْنَآ إِبْرَٰهِيمَ
We have given Ibrahim رُشْدَهُۥ his guidance
مِن قَبْلُ before that
وَكُنَّا بِهِۦ عَٰلِمِينَ and because we knew.
We knew what?
We knew that he's one of the people who deserve the High Heaven,
And this is why God gave him the understanding, the intelligence, the guidance,
So, Abraham looked at the star, and the moon and the sun and decided to worship God alone,
But it's already,
he didn't, he didn't do anything on his own.
It's kind of difficult to explain.
God gave him the guidance
because God knew that he deserved that.
So, we're not here because we're intelligent,
or because we're smarter than anyone out there in the street.
We are here because we are really fortunate because
obviously we were swept in the crowd when those billions of creatures deviated.
And God knows that.
And this is why you were born at this time, in that house, in that place,
and this is why all those weird circumstances that led you here and made you sitting here in this mosque now.
Because God wanted you... God wanted to give you your intelligence and your guidance.
In Sura 12, you know this verse very well.
Yousuf, Joseph, God says... I'm quoting the Quran
he almost fell for her and she almost fell for him. If it were not that he saw His signs, his God's, his Lord's proof or sign.
بُرْهَانَ رَبِّهِ he saw something from God that made him stop.
So, was it Joseph that was so good that he resisted the seduction, the temptation of the governor's wife?
or is it...in fact, the next verse says
We thus diverted from him sin,
We protected him.
So, does Joseph get the credit for not falling for the governor's wife, or abstaining from sin?
Obviously not. God is telling us I diverted him from sin.
Why?
Because Joseph had a stamp there, saying High Heaven.
Because God knows that he deserves.
That he was one of the fortunate ones.
More profound is in Sura 28, verses 68 and 69:
I'm gonna read this in Arabic and translate it. It says:
وَ رَبُّكَ your Lord,
يَخْلُقُ creates
ما يَشاءُ whatever He wills,
وَ يَخْتارُ and He chooses.
ما كانَ لَهُمُ الْخِيَرَةُ nobody has a choice in this respect.
We make the decision.
This is very difficult to explain. I will not explain it. You yourself just read it:
God creates and He chooses.
With this introduction that I presented to you,
you understand now that God knows already, who are the people coming into this world who deserve to go to High Heaven,
who deserve to be given the guidance and given the understanding.
It says, nobody, nobody does the choosing. God is the one who does the choosing.
This is why you read in the Quran you cannot guide the ones you love.
The stamp is already there. What can you do?
It doesn't matter. This is why God says if you cause this Quran to move mount Lemmon from the east to the west, they still will not believe.
You know I go like this bzzzz, you know, using Quran.
I'm gonna move mount Lemmon for you folks.
And you move mount Lemmon like that to the other side of the city.
They say magic.
They say go join Copperfield's union.
They will not believe.
It doesn't matter what you do. They're already stamped.
The next verse after, God says God creates whatever He wills.
This means that He assigns whatever babies in whatever places.
You know, Kathleen's grandson, Michael, little Michael, cute, white, a real Muslim IN SHAA ALLAH,
He was assigned to that body in that place, at that time,
and his grandmother, undoubtedly will sneak in a few pieces of information
because God knows that he deserves. He deserves to receive some understanding and certain guidance.
God knows exactly who is to be assigned where.
This is what this verse means, 28:68
You can look at it later.
And in 69, it clarifies the whole thing.
It says and your Lord knows what their hearts hide and what they declare.
And on that basis, God grants the guidance and the understanding.
So, hopefully,
with this half of the Khutba, I hope you understand...
if you just quickly go through your life, and see why you are here,
you'll understand why these strange things happened and brought you here.
So, let's turn to God and not only repent but also thank Him for giving us this chance.
Tooboo Ela Allah, Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah, We praise God,
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
We bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
Only a few years ago, because all our life is just a few years anyway,
but a few years ago, we were praying wrong,
we were doing everything wrong.
We were continuing to commit the same crime, putting names next to God,
in opposition to this book where every page tells you God Alone, God Alone, God Alone.
When you Pray, the name of God alone.
The mosque belongs to God, worship God Alone.
It keeps saying this.
But we were doing everything wrong.
And God granted us the understanding and the guidance as He did with Abraham.
We read throughout the Quran, people,
You know, all those Muslims, who are not really Muslims, and all those Christians, who are not really Christians,
and all those people who say they believe in God,
They're described in the Quran. You ask them who created the heavens and the Earth? They say God.
They really believe in God, but they don't know God.
And the Quran continues saying they are going to Hell.
And you're gonna read in my translation, even the old one,
that the majority of believers in God are going to Hell.
This is what the Quran says in several places.
You tell them who is the Lord of the heavens and the Earth or the Lord with the عَرْشٌ عَظِيمٌ or the great authority, the great dominion?
They say God. But they're going to Hell,
because they don't know God.
And they don't understand this granting of the guidance,
and they don't understand that God is doing everything.
That an important part of this universe is exposing Satan as an incompetent god with a small g,
an incompetent temporary god.
So, these constituents of Satan had to be there in order to prove his incompetence.
So, you present all this evidence to a lot of people that God is doing everything. God is in full control,
and the person in front of you is not a believer. There's a stamp here saying Hell on them.
and you're presenting all this evidence,
And what will they say?
You show them verse 17 of Sura 8,
8:17 that says God is doing everything.
You know what they say?
The Quran got their number.
They say they blame God for their idolatry, and for prohibiting things.
Twice in the Quran, God says that idol-worshipers will say
if God willed then, we will not be idol worshiping, and we will not prohibit things that He did not prohibit.
And by the way, this shows you how important it is not to prohibit things that God prohibited.
They prohibit the meat in the market.
They prohibit hushpuppies and hair brushes that are made of pig hair.
You know, I recommended they don't eat the brush, you know
but even then, God prohibited only the meat.
But twice in the Quran, God says the idol worshipers say if God wills, we will not do this.
So, they blame it on God.
I didn't get up for the Morning Prayer, Fajr, because God... if God wanted me to get up, I would have gotten up.
God is doing everything.
So, it's a cop-out.
And God got their number.
I pray to God that He gives us the understanding and the guidance and continues to lead us out of darkness into the light, all the way to the High Heaven.