Shakira: My God, you guys eat too many sweets. Can't you think about your cholesterol?
Dr. Khalifa: Whose fault is it? Who got these?
Shakira: But that is one.
Dr. Khalifa: Whose fault is this?
Dr. Khalifa: You need sweets, Shakira.
Shakira: I am sweet (unintelligible) to sweet.
Dr. Khalifa: But we still need sweets from you.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You haven't seen this before?
A man: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: There is something there.
Dr. Khalifa: Documented, documented proof.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I cannot believe he's a liar.
Shakira: I know. Can we believe this? Where did they take the picture?
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, I don't know. Imagine Dr. Khalifa: God knows.
Shakira: They have to be in front of something.
Ismail Barakat: The scale of the lies.
Shakira: I can't believe it.
Dr. Khalifa: I know. Have you, did you read the details?
Shakira: Yeah. Such a baloney.
Dr. Khalifa: I have the English translation though.
A man: Oh, my...
Dr. Khalifa: They say they came to, they went to Rashad Khalifa's mosque and investigated him and...
Ismail Barakat: And they found that he's a good liar.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Established once and for all that he is a liar. And here's proof
out of picture in front of his mosque.
أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
448
Oh, I love this. This is my favorite. Let's go to 447.
Dr. Khalifa: What the heck? Let's starts from the beginning of the Sura.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: And this is my favorite part. The people of Heaven visit their relatives and friends.
Dr. Khalifa: It's true. Every one of us has some relatives and friends who'll derail. We're gonna go visit them.
Shakira: We won't feel sad?
Dr. Khalifa: No. Because, did you know... Shakira: I (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, you missed the, the ways people go to Hell. You wanna, you wanna survey?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, Shakira? It's Mahmood's specialty. He surveys the methods of going to Hell.
Shakira: Oh, God. Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead, number one.
Mahmood Abib: Number one: They duck under the
Dr. Khalifa: tunnel
Mahmood Abib: They tunnel under Dr. Khalifa: under the fence
Mahmood Abib: under Dr. Khalifa: This is number one.
Dr. Khalifa: And number 2? Shakira: Well, I don't understand.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, no, number one is the storming of...
Dr. Khalifa: The storming of the gates? Ok.
Mahmood Abib: Ok. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: They're storming the gates of Hell. You know, they, you know...
Mahmood Abib: They want to go to Hell so bad.
Dr. Khalifa: A group of people are carrying a big log and there's the gates of Hell. And they're
Ismail Barakat: They're having (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They're storming the gates to go in. Shakira: And these are the disbelievers?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Mahmood Abib: Yes.
Mahmood Abib: Cause they got someone who wanting, they...
Mahmood Abib: They want to... Dr. Khalifa: They are insisting on going. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is number one: storming the gates. Shakira: They're insisting.
Dr. Khalifa: Number two is tunneling their way under the fence.
Mahmood Abib: Tunneling their way under the fence.
Shakira: Is it in the text? Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: Number 3 A man: No, it's on...
Dr. Khalifa: Almost.
Feroz: Sura 115.
Dr. Khalifa: We'll get to that later, but Behrouz: Sura 115.
Dr. Khalifa: listen to this first. You better, Behrouz: Chapter 115.
Dr. Khalifa: This is what we realize on the
Day of Judgment. And this is why you will not be sad. This is Shakira: Ok. Storming the gates and then tunneling under it.
Dr. Khalifa: Wait, wait. This is to answer your question "are we gonna feel sad for the people in Hell?"
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: This is your question. Here is the answer. We're going to find out
on the Day of Judgment, this is how they got to Hell. Some of them stormed the gates.
Dr. Khalifa: Number two, some of them tunnel their way under the fence.
Ismail Barakat: They tackle the 19 angels who guard hell and try to beat them.
Dr. Khalifa: Number three, listen.
Mahmood Abib: They pole vault.
Dr. Khalifa: Pole vaulters?
Shakira: Ok. What?
Dr. Khalifa: Pole vaulters.
Shakira: Oh, Pole vault.
Dr. Khalifa: And, and, you know, they jump over it. "Oh, I barely made it."
Shakira: "I got it."
Ismail Barakat: Yes. (unintelligible)
Shakira: "I got that."
Dr. Khalifa: And as soon as they fall down, they raise their arms. "Made it."
Ismail Barakat: Because Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala built solid walls around Hell to keep people from getting in.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: And they get in by fighting their way in.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. Ismail Barakat: This is what they're saying.
A woman: And the final, the final wall was 19.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, 19 walls, 19 fences. A woman: They, they have to, they have to (unintelligible)
Shakira: So, now tell me pole vaulting, Dr. Khalifa: Number 4
Shakira: tunneling and
Mahmood Abib: Tunneling and Shakira: barging.
Mahmood Abib: Next one is one big, huge one. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Seesaw in a circus.
Shakira: Ok. Seesawing it.
Dr. Khalifa: No, wait. No, no, we didn't. No. We switched.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Coming up.
Shakira: That's 4.
Dr. Khalifa: You know, the circus with, they jump on this Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: and they go up, way up. Somersault. Shakira: Sure. Sure.
Dr. Khalifa: They somersault their way, saying "hey, I made three somersaults."
Mahmood Abib: The problem is who will take the big one, now?
Mahmood Abib: For their way in.
Dr. Khalifa: The next one, number five.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, the big one, you see, they open the gates and let him in.
A man: Yes.
Shakira: Because there are seven gates.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, number five,
Mahmood Abib: Number 5, they all go in the cannon. Dr. Khalifa: There are seven gates.
Dr. Khalifa: The cannonball,
Dr. Khalifa: human cannonball. Ismail Barakat: The human cannonball.
Mahmood Abib: And they fire it.
Ismail Barakat: Enjoy! Shakira: Now, where did you get all this from?
Feroz: Sura 115.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 115.
Shakira: If your imagination is not...
Dr. Khalifa: It didn't get very scary.
Shakira: No, but in the Quran, it says that the people will try to come towards Heaven. And then they can't, they won't be able to stand it and they'll go back.
Shakira: They'll keep going back, they'll try to go and come back and try to go and come back. Dr. Khalifa: How, how do...
Dr. Khalifa: Now, how... Shakira: And here they are pole vaulting.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. No, we're talking, but now they are doing this, see. Now they are
like for example, how do you explain, the guy, we tell him "Sura Qãf has 57 Qafs."
He says "no, the word Fahaqqa (فَحَقَّ), because there is a Shadda on it, it's two Qafs. It's FAHAQAQA."
Dr. Khalifa: "It's not 57, it's 58, there is no miracle there." How, how, how do you stop this guy? Now, this guy is trying the cannon.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, no, God doesn't want them to go to Hell. God wants all to go to Paradise.
Mahmood Abib: Yeah. Shakira: Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, Sura 39 says, God does not like it. Ismail Barakat: They insist on going.
Shakira: They insist on going to Hell, that's what it says. They insist. Dr. Khalifa: There you go, that's the answer to your question.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we will not be sad because we will realize that they tried all these methods Mahmood Abib: all these methods
Dr. Khalifa: to force themselves into Hell.
I usually, I used, they jumped the fence.
This is the only thing I will use, I used, because this is what I used to do. When there was a soccer ball in my
hometown, and they're, they're fighting for the final championship, and they have, at the club,
the soccer balls, there are two champion teams coming to my hometown. And they have police on horses
patrolling the, the fence out, out there. I was there, an expert in jumping fences.
Dr. Khalifa: It was a, that was a high fence, like 7 feet, with the things pointing and the head like that. Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, I waited until two horses were facing the other way, and then Shakira: I used to do that.
Dr. Khalifa: And I'm in the club to watch the game. Must have been 7 years old.
Ismail Barakat: Yes. Yes.
Shakira: You know, in India, they have walls with a glass on top of it.
Ismail Barakat: Right, they have the same thing in Egypt. Mahmood Abib: Yeah. Same thing.
Ismail Barakat: It doesn't stop them, though. Shakira: And you know...
Shakira: It doesn't, yeah. I used to climb over it
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah?
Shakira: and go and steal grapes. And one day, the guy came behind me. You know, my grandfather,
he's the dean of Osmania University, my grandfather. And I used to do these terrible things.
My sister and I, we jumped it, and we went into the grape garden, and we stole the grapes,
Shakira: and we jumped back. The man came behind us with a stick.
Dr. Khalifa: You never forget that. Shakira: He came behind us with a stick
Shakira: and my uncle, you know, he, you know, the Nizam, the Nizam of Hyderabad. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Did you jump the fence?
Shakira: He is the architect for the Nizam of Hyderabad.
Shakira: And they were constructing this big thing for the Nizam, my uncle. And he took us there, and this is what we are doing.
Shakira: It was hurting. He was so ashamed of us that he just said "these people don't belong... ."
Dr. Khalifa: "I don't know them. I never saw them in my life, these grape thieves."
Shakira: We were little kids. "I don't know these people. Who are these people? I don't..."
Shakira: Oh, my God. Dr. Khalifa: So, I used to jump the fence to get into the soccer game.
Dr. Khalifa: And these people in Hell, we will realize that they insisted. They jumped so many fences to go to Hell. Shakira: Yeah.
Shakira: They insist on going to Hell. Ismail Barakat: But they know this, but you see, what you did, Al-Roshd,
Ismail Barakat: you waited til the guards weren't looking.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: These guys wanna attack the guards.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, they said that if "19 are the guards of Hell, leave them to me, some big guy."
Shakira: So, your imagination, he used his imagination to do five things? Behrouz: Number 7, go ahead.
Behrouz: No, he had 1. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Behrouz: He has 19.
Dr. Khalifa: We, we, we are, we are thinking of way, the ways and means that they are forcing themselves into Hell. Shakira: Just thinking, though.
Shakira: Yeah, some of them can go in a tank.
Mahmood Abib: Tank? No.
Dr. Khalifa: How about balloons?
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shakira: You don't have a tank? Mahmood Abib: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: They're very quiet and methodical. Mahmood Abib: They can, they can go
Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) Shakira: Hot air balloons.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: Their balloon is not very good, Al-Roshd,
Ismail Barakat: not very good, because you see hot air rises.
The messenger: He's talking about the kite.
Mahmood Abib: Oh, yeah, they were not balloons. Ismail Barakat: same thing, (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: It keeps going up.
Dr. Khalifa: But he will, he will let go. He'll jump from it or something.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the kite. He's talking about the kite. Mahmood Abib: Well, the balloon.
Mahmood Abib: The kite, no (unintelligible), it's the hang glider. Dr. Khalifa: Hang glider. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Isn't it a kite also, same name?
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, this, this is an excellent subject for Mad Magazine.
Shakira: I know.
Mahmood Abib: Hang glider, yes. And they, and they can use trampoline.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Oh, yeah, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There's a profound word coming up here that also adds to jumping the fence.
Something that's happened to Ismail. It gives an example of the disbeliever jumping
the fence into Hell. Because the second verse here uses the word
ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ زَجْرًۭا (37:2)
which I translated here as "the blamers." Some guy came to Ismail and said "what is Azzajeraat (ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ)?"
You know, he leaves all the straightforward verses in Quran (unintelligible) "can you tell me? If you are so clever, you and Rashad and your people, "what Azzajeraat (ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ) is?"
Dr. Khalifa: Ismail said "Goats. Ok. Will this satisfy you now? Okay, now what?"
Ismail Barakat: He said "what does that mean?" Honest, that's it.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a strange word. You see, Zajra (زَجْرًۭا) means to blame.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Azzajeraat (ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ), the blamers.
A woman: So, blamers.
Dr. Khalifa: But he picks out this strange word and says "okay, if you are so clever, tell me Ismail Barakat: Yeah, yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: "what does it mean, Azzajeraat (ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ)?"
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: He wanted "Goats."
Ismail Barakat: Al-Roshd, If he knows the meaning of Azzajeraat (ٱلزَّٰجِرَٰتِ), he'd be a good believer.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Right. Right, I would do it.
Dr. Khalifa: "Now here's the meaning, okay, now what?"
Ok.
أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
[37:1] By the arrangers in columns.
[37:2] And the blamers of those to be blamed.
Now, we're talking about angels here. Because we have in another verse, in another Sura, the angels say
[37:165] We are the arrangers.
Actually, it is in this Sura, excuse me. It's coming later. Yeah.
[37:165] We are the arrangers.
So, apparently, the angels will play a role in the resurrection process and arranging all the people in...
Shakira: That's gonna take a long time.
Dr. Khalifa: Who, who cares? We have infinity. So,
A woman: What's the hurry?
Dr. Khalifa: She's thinking in appointments, you know, "how many patients, today?"
Shakira: If they make me comfortable, that's okay.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Right.
Shakira: IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: And
[37:2] The blamers of those to be blamed.
because the angels, remember, they're gonna beat up the disbelievers. They'll blame them, you know.
"We served you. God gave you so many chances and you still disbelieved. You're unappreciative."
Dr. Khalifa: Smack, smack. What is hitting? Smack is a kiss.
A woman: No, Smack is also a hit. Dr. Khalifa: Smack, smack is also hitting? Okay.
A woman: (unintelligible) A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Smack, smack, kick, kick.
Dr. Khalifa: The blamers. Shakira: But these are blaming each other, right? And
[37:2] The blamers of those ...
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. They blame the disbelievers.
Shakira: Yeah, they are blaming each other. Dr. Khalifa: For disbelievers.
Dr. Khalifa: The angels are blaming the disbelievers. Shakira: Oh, angels.
Shakira: Oh, Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: The arrangers and the blamers are angels.
Shakira: Ok. Dr. Khalifa: Also, the reciters of the messages.
Shakira: Mã Shã Allãh. Dr. Khalifa: Angels.
Shakira: This is why we have you.
Dr. Khalifa: These are all...
Shakira: We have you with us, I mean.
Dr. Khalifa: These are all angels, the arrangers, the blamers, the reciters.
So, God is stating these profound facts, three of them, and then God says the result of, the result:
[37:4] Your god is only one.
[37:5] The Lord of the heavens and the earth, and everything between them, and Lord of the easts.*
I'm having a heck of a time, Ismail, translating (37:5) ٱلْمَشَـٰرِقِ
Dr. Khalifa: Easts. Because what it really means is the sun rise,
Ismail Barakat: The sun rise.
Dr. Khalifa: the Jupiter rise, the Saturn rise,
Dr. Khalifa: the Mars rise. Ismail Barakat: Oh, I see, I see, I see.
Dr. Khalifa: These are the easts. It's not east, it's the rises.
Ismail Barakat: There's, yeah, there's...
Dr. Khalifa: But how do you translate it to English so the people understand?
Ismail Barakat: There is a technical term, Rashad.
A woman: Rising term?
Ismail Barakat: Yes. There is, there is an astronomical term.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. I'm making, I'm making this known to everybody so they come up, just come up with a good, with a good word word.
Dr. Khalifa: As soon as you wake up, Lydia, think about this. Lydia: No, I'm here. I'm here.
Dr. Khalifa: If you're talking about the sun and the moon, yes. We're talk about the sun and the moon.
Ismail Barakat: It would be more than that.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, you're going to the airport?
Soad Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: You're going now?
Soad Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Good luck to you.
Ismail Barakat: Salãmun ‘Alaykum
Behrouz: Wa ‘Alaykum Salãm Shakira: KHODA HAFEZ (Good bye).
Shakira: Who is she?
Dr. Khalifa: This is my sister. She's going now to take her medical exam. ECFMG.
Dr. Khalifa: ECFMG. Shakira: I didn't see her yesterday.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, she was here. She's very... she hides. She's very shy.
Ismail Barakat: Oh, Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, I should have brought her to you (unintelligible). Yes.
Shakira: Well, I'm sure she'll do a good job.
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH. Shakira: Is she giving her ECFMG?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: What is it now? It's January. Yeah, they have it in January. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: It's January 20th. Tomorrow. Shakira: Yeah, this is the day.
Dr. Khalifa: No, 23rd, 23rd Tuesday. Yes. A woman: On Tuesday.
Shakira: Mã Shã Allãh.
Shakira: She's a monk.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, your god is only One.
So now, the Lord of the Easts, you know what it means now. One time,
I was in Washington, D.C., and the question of Ramadan came up. So, I reached for the newspaper, the Washington Post,
to show the person that the, the new moon, he could see the new moon in the paper, and
it will tell you when the new month is. You don't need to go out and look through the
clouds for the moon, which is very thin slice, impossible to see with binoculars and all this. Especially
if you're blind like Ben Bez and try to decide when the, you know. So, you know what
I found in the Washington Post? You can pick it up at any drug store. They have the moon...
Dr. Khalifa: ...all solar system.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, and in the paper, in Vancouver Sun, also.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, but I was really amazed. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, we have the sun and the moon here.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But at the Washington Post and probably the New A woman: (unintelligible)
York Times, the major newspapers, I know the Washington Post does it every day. I mean,
Dr. Khalifa: if you wanna see what time Saturn rises, and the, the new, the new Saturn, it's just a...
Ismail Barakat: We failed it again, though, because
Ismail Barakat: They don't even know what Saturn looks like.
Dr. Khalifa: Which one has the rings?
A woman: Saturn Ismail Barakat: Saturn A man: Saturn
Dr. Khalifa: Saturn has the rings on it.
Ismail Barakat: But you can't see it with the naked eye. You need, you need telescope. A woman: No.
Mahmood Abib: Mars is red, you can see it.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, but I'm color blind. To me they're all alike.
Mahmood Abib: And also the time they rise is different.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, of course.
Dr. Khalifa: Those people are so behind, you know.
Behrouz: But this is all according to our sun.
The messenger: Yes. Yes. The earth. Because we're sitting in a place that's half light and half dark.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we have the rises, and we're rotating. So, we have the rises of all these planets.
Behrouz: One time...
Dr. Khalifa: As far as anything in the heaven is concerned, there's rise and set because of our rotation.
Behrouz: Yeah, because there's no one else.
Dr. Khalifa: Why do I do rotation like this? Actually, like this.
Dr. Khalifa: It doesn't matter, we may be upside down. Let's say we're sitting upside down right now.
Behrouz: But there's another time...
Dr. Khalifa: And Ismail's hat doesn't fall off.
Ismail Barakat: It never does. Beth: (unintelligible)
Beth: Always, always, I didn't understand when I was little, you know, we talked about everything around us. I was wondering Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Beth: how come nothing fell. And I didn't understand gravity. I had hard time. I was very little. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Gravity.
Dr. Khalifa: No, the way to understand it is to imagine an ant walking on this globe.
Beth: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: The ant is walking around, it's cool on this globe.
Beth: Yeah, well, I understand it now.
Dr. Khalifa: Upside down.
Beth: No, I was a little kid. I understand it. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is the way we are.
Beth: Yeah, but it's wonderful. (unintelligible) But I, I was little and fascinated by it.
Dr. Khalifa: Sorry, Behrouz, I interrupted you.
Behrouz: That's good. Now, one time you talked about the two Easts and two Wests.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. That's the sun and the moon.
Behrouz: The sun and the moon
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the sun and the moon. Two major things. Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Behrouz: Two majors for the humans and jinns.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: What's that again?
Behrouz: I like that one better.
Dr. Khalifa: Or the sunrise for the humans and the jinns.
Ismail Barakat: So, it's the same thing.
Behrouz: Not (unintelligible) Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, but you see...
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Behrouz: For jinns must be, I mean, might be something different.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, the jinns on earth, they will have the sunrise and the sunset.
Ismail Barakat: The same thing as ours.
Dr. Khalifa: No, but God wanted to make a point that
there are two sets of creatures on earth. Sura Al-Rahmaan, for example, is directed
to the two, two, I mean, Al-Thaqalayn (ٱلثَّقَلَین), these are called, Al-Thaqalayn (ٱلثَّقَلَین), the humans and the jinns.
So, God is talking to them separately because they have
separate needs. For example, a jinn will not care about steak, but you would.
And you do not care about a box of matches for dinner. But they like it, maybe to them. I mean, I don't know
what they like for dinner. So, if God describes Heaven to them as fruits and rivers of milk
and honey and they don't care about these things, they say "oh, we don't wanna go there."
Dr. Khalifa: So, that... what was that?
Behrouz: Fatiha on Tuesday. Don't forget that.
Mahmood Abib: Fatiha on Tuesday.
Dr. Khalifa: Soad again? Oh, boy, she's nervous about the test. She will call us from the airport, oh boy. Don't forget, Fatiha on Tuesday.
Ismail Barakat: But the Quran, I think, is directed to us, not, not to them.
Ismail Barakat: Essentially, Dr. Khalifa: Are you (unintelligible)?
Ismail Barakat: it's directed to us. Dr. Khalifa: No, no,
Dr. Khalifa: to us and the jinns.
Shakira: The fact that...
Dr. Khalifa: قُلْ أُوحِىَ إِلَىَّ أَنَّهُ ٱسْتَمَعَ نَفَرٌۭ مِّنَ ٱلْجِنِّ فَقَالُوٓا۟ إِنَّا سَمِعْنَا قُرْءَانًا عَجَبًۭا (72:1) Shakira: A group of jinns are reading the Quran
Dr. Khalifa: وَإِذْ صَرَفْنَآ إِلَيْكَ نَفَرًۭا مِّنَ ٱلْجِنِّ (46:29) We'll send the jinns to you to listen to the Quran.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's to them, also.
فَلَمَّا قُضِىَ وَلَّوْا۟ إِلَىٰ قَوْمِهِم مُّنذِرِينَ (46:29)
So, they went to their people. They are jinns, also.
Dr. Khalifa: All the jinns in the world now know about this message and the miracle of 19.
Shakira: So, what does it mean when, when it says "Lord of the two easts and two wests?"
Dr. Khalifa: Again, it's the sunrise and moonrise, sunset, and moonset.
Ismail Barakat: Or according to Behrouz...
Dr. Khalifa: Ismail, do you ever think of that term, that astronomical term?
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe, you can call the astronomy department again and see what this means.
Dr. Khalifa: How can we express it in an English word?
Ismail Barakat: There's one word that says exactly that.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. We have the best astronomy department here, one of the best in the world.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm? A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: OK, since you're familiar with them by now. Keep calling them.
Dr. Khalifa: Ask them "how can you express in one English word the rise of the Saturn and Jupiter and Mars and Venus and the moon?"
Shakira: Can't we say rise of the planets?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, that will explain it.
Ismail Barakat: The planet rising, so we say sunrise, moonrise, sunset, moonset. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, the rise of the planets is a good expression. We're getting there. Except it's not just the planets,
Dr. Khalifa: stars. Ismail Barakat: Actually, probably, Rashad, the best way to express it is (unintelligible),
Ismail Barakat: the rise of the planets. Dr. Khalifa: of the stars and the planets.
Ismail Barakat: Because this is the reason
Dr. Khalifa: The rise of the heavenly bodies.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, if you, if you use the technical term,
Shakira: heavenly bodies are good. Ismail Barakat: people will be, it will distract people. Beth: People aren't gonna know.
Shakira: But they won't know. Heavenly bodies will confuse them.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Well, let's see what, what they come up with. Ismail Barakat: It distracts (unintelligible) confusing them.
Dr. Khalifa: may come up, may turn to a beautiful word, very expressive.
Beth: And then, people will have to remember it. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: That's a good idea, also. But anyway, this is what easts means here in number 5. Number 6,
[37:6] We have adorned the lowest heaven with beautiful stars.
Those billion, trillion stars are in the lowest, innermost, and smallest of the seven universes.
And number 7,
[37:7] and guarded it from every evil devil.
Dr. Khalifa: This is the prison cell for Satan and all his, his angels, the devils. Satan and his angels. It's a good expression.
Ismail Barakat: Remember yesterday, we were
Shakira: What do you mean, Satan and his angels? Ismail Barakat: discussing (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Because Satan is a temporary god here,
Shakira: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: and the devils are his angels. They help him, they work for him.
Shakira: But we shouldn't call them angels.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, Satan's angels.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, you can use this expression. For example, God calls the believers, Shakira: Then, we should say his fallen angels.
Dr. Khalifa: the believers say
کفرنا بِشِرْكِكُمْ
Dr. Khalifa: We are KAFIRs of their idolatry.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: But the word KAFIR
Dr. Khalifa: is generally used for a disbeliever, a pagan. So you can use that. Actually, it's a very expressive
Dr. Khalifa: term. Shakira: Yeah, it is very expressive, but it is
Shakira: confusing if somebody doesn't already know a lot about the Quran.
The messenger: Well, but when you say "Satan's angels", it's understandable.
Mahmood Abib: Yeah.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Once you say Satan's angels. Actually, it paints a picture of a god with the small "g" and his assistants.
Behrouz: of Hells Angels
Beth: Yeah.
Shakira: Hells Angels. Dr. Khalifa: Hells Angels.
Dr. Khalifa: Motorcycle gangs. Okay, number 7,
[37:7] ... guarded it from every evil devil.
[37:8] They cannot spy on the High Society; they get shot from every side.
[37:9] They are doomed; they have incurred an eternal retribution.
[37:10] If any of them ventures to charge the outer limits, he gets struck with a fierce projectile.
[37:11] Ask them, "Are they more difficult to create, or our other creations?" We created them from wet mud.
Dr. Khalifa: Of course, it is from the evolution point of view, wet mud is significant because it's water.
Shakira: You know, Reshma told me that.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Shakira: Because God keeps repeating that
Shakira: He created us, life came from water and then He says He made us from clay. Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh.
Shakira: So, I said "my God", you know and Reshma said "mummy, how simple it is. He just took clay and he mixed it with water and He made you."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: He told me that. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Good thinking. Shakira: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Evolution is a divinely guided process.
Number 12,
[37:12] While you are awed, they mock.
Dr. Khalifa: How true this is.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause we are awed, witnessing what God created, Shakira: We are awed.
Dr. Khalifa: and they mock and ridicule.
Shakira: Yeah, worried for our necks.
Dr. Khalifa: Yep.
[37:13] When reminded, they take no heed.
[37:14] When they see proof, they ridicule it.
[37:15] They say, "This is obviously magic!
[37:16] "After we die and become dust and bones, do we get resurrected?
Now, this is number 16. I always emphasize.
Because if you take the total picture of the Quran, this is not what they utter audibly.
Dr. Khalifa: It's something in their mind, inside their heart. Shakira: Yeah.
Shakira: They keep thinking.
Dr. Khalifa: Even they are not aware of it.
Shakira: I used to think like this, too.
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
Shakira: Even though, you know, I'm a Muhammadan. I used to be a Muhammadan.
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
Shakira: I used to think exactly "how am I going to be reborn?"
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Shakira: And it's not, you know, but... Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's a natural
Dr. Khalifa: question for a growing person. Shakira: I thought I tell you...
Dr. Khalifa: And this is why God gives us 40 years to think about it to ask these questions.
Dr. Khalifa: 17. Yes?
Behrouz: Wet mud. Mud is, you know, when you think about mud, you know it's wet. Hard and heavy.
Dr. Khalifa: (37:11) طِينٍۢ لَّازِبٍۭ Behrouz: Were they using the same mud, the wet mud?
Dr. Khalifa: It means a lot of water. Mud that has a lot of water in it. A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (37:11) طِينٍۢ لَّازِبٍۭ
Behrouz: I mean, did it use
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Let's, let's take, you have clay, you hold a clay in your hand. Behrouz: the same wet mud...
Behrouz: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: If you add water to it, what happens?
Behrouz: It becomes so mud.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
Behrouz: becomes mud.
Dr. Khalifa: It is mud already. A man: Of course.
Dr. Khalifa: It is mud already. Wait. If you hold it in your hand, you add more water, what happens?
Shakira: Becomes wet mud. He wants you to say that.
Dr. Khalifa: No, it becomes softer. You can't even hold it in your hand.
Ismail Barakat: More malleable so you can mold it. Dr. Khalifa: That is the description here.
Dr. Khalifa: (37:11) طِينٍۢ لَّازِبٍۭ
here means you cannot hold it in your hand.
Dr. Khalifa: put it, you can put it in a glass.
Shakira: Oh. Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: Very soft.
Shakira: Oh.
Dr. Khalifa: Wet mud. Where are we, 17?
[37:17] "Even our ancient ancestors?"
[37:18] Say, "Yes, you will be forcibly summoned."
[37:19] All it takes is one nudge, whereupon they (stand up) looking.
[37:20] They will say, "Woe to us; this is the Day of Judgment."
Dr. Khalifa: "Oops" is gonna be a very popular word. To be nice about it.
Behrouz: That is a nice thing.
Shakira: Like that. Ismail Barakat: No.
Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Mahmood Abib: I got it. I got it.
Dr. Khalifa: Don't show him, Mahmood. Because Mahmood will show you "Like this."
Shakira: "Like this." (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ouch.
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: 21.
Mahmood Abib: Actually, I'm good
Dr. Khalifa: 21.
[37:21] This is the day of decision that you used to disbelieve in.
[37:22] Summon the transgressors, and their spouses, and the idols they worshiped
[37:23] beside GOD, and guide them to the path of Hell.
Don't worry about spouses. It's rarely that two spouses make it. It's very rare. It's rare that we have two people in the same town make it.
Let alone...
[37:22] Summon the transgressors, and their spouses, and the idols they worshiped
[37:23] beside GOD, and guide them to the path of Hell.
[37:24] Stop them, and ask them:
25
[37:25] "Why do you not help one another?"
What happened to you?
[37:26] They will be, on that day, totally submitting.
No more temporary godhood to anybody. Cause the test is over.
Mutual Blaming, 27.
[37:27] They will blame one another, ...
Shakira: Can I ask a question? Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Sure.
Shakira: [37:8] They cannot spy on the High Society; ...
Shakira: means guarded above the lowest universe.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Beyond the first universe where there are major decisions being made. For example,
Dr. Khalifa: For example, one angel is charged with sending an asteroid to hit Saudi Arabia.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. And that angel is coming on the way and they're talking with each other. The jinns,
Shakira: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: can, can, if, if they have access to that area, they will hear it. And they'll come and do something about it.
Shakira: You say like that, but then in the Quran, it says the jinns are so dumb sometimes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Shakira: Because remember when Solomon died, they couldn't even make out that he was dead for a while.
Dr. Khalifa: But when he fell down, they knew, right? Shakira: Yeah. Then, they knew.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. So, Shakira: So dumb.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, yeah. But if, obviously, one angel is telling the other one, he is going at the speed, a million times the speed of light,
telling his friend "where are you going?" "I want to send an asteroid to Saudi Arabia."
Dr. Khalifa: Everybody will hear that. Anybody in the vicinity.
Ismail Barakat: Oh, no, they may, they may, they may be communicating
Dr. Khalifa: mentally. Exactly.
Ismail Barakat: And, and, and these guys can...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I'm just putting it in our terms. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: They, they can intercept
Ismail Barakat: They can intercept communication. Dr. Khalifa: communication.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: You tell this to the people, they think we are crazy.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they don't, they just can't, they can't comprehend it.
Ismail Barakat: They don't believe, look, let me tell you something. Most people, most people don't really believe that they're going to die.
Shakira: No, no, they know they are going to die. Dr. Khalifa: The act of it...
Dr. Khalifa: You're quoting the Quran.
Shakira: They believe they're not going to die. Ismail Barakat: In their heart.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. (Unintelligible Arabic)
Ismail Barakat: If it crosses their hearts, if it crosses their minds, that they are going to kick the bucket. Dr. Khalifa: "Not me." Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
A woman: They can't conceive of anything. (unintelligible). So. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Ismail Barakat: It happens all around them and they forget it very quickly.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: It's always somebody else.
Ismail Barakat: So, when we tell them they're coming back...
Dr. Khalifa: Forget it. A woman: The first thing they get (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I know, it, it amazed me when, when we calculated the end of the world. It amazed me how many people were really upset.
I never forget the Mufti of Syria, you know, he was announcing Algeria in the conference,
and this guy was pounding, I'm sure he broke a few bones in his hand. He was pounding on the thing and said
لَا تَأْتِيكُمْ إِلَّا بَغْتَةًۭ (7:187)
Dr. Khalifa: "It comes to you suddenly. It comes to you suddenly." Ismail Barakat: Yeah, it comes to him suddenly, yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: For him, it's going to come suddenly. Dr. Khalifa: I told him that.
Dr. Khalifa: I said "for you it will."
Ismail Barakat: All of a sudden.
Dr. Khalifa: 13 times in the Quran it says, only for the disbelievers it will come suddenly.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Because he was quoting this expression in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: And consistent in the Quran "only the disbelievers, it comes to them suddenly." And that guy went through fits, you know.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah. Because really they don't believe in it. Dr. Khalifa: Some kind of
Dr. Khalifa: active epilepsy. Shakira: Why did He create us? I don't understand.
Shakira: Why He created...
Behrouz: Why did He what?
Shakira: Why did He create us in the first place? I mean, just even a soul, why?
Dr. Khalifa: God?
Shakira: Yes. Why?
Dr. Khalifa: Are you related to Edip? No. Why? We will know why.
Shakira: Maybe because He turned to the vast, lightless universe and said "Be." Why?
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I have to quote God's quotes from the Quran "you don't ask Him why."
Dr. Khalifa: (21:23) لَا يُسْـَٔلُ عَمَّا يَفْعَلُ "Why You did that" Shakira: At least on that Day, I will ask Him.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: For the sake of knowing... Ismail Barakat: No, but
Ismail Barakat: The creation of the universe is for this test.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, I know that. But, no, she meant even initially.
Ismail Barakat: Initially? Dr. Khalifa: Soul. Yes.
Shakira: This is already too far gone. Ismail Barakat: Well, you know the answer to this.
Ismail Barakat: You know the answer. The answer I always give, Shakira, "on the Day of Judgment, ask."
Shakira: I will, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, of course, on the Day of Resurrection, we'll know, we will know anyway. A woman: You'll know.
Dr. Khalifa: Everything will be known. Yeah. The purpose.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause even as far as this universe is concerned, no, He does say why.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: He says, "we did not, we did not create the heavens and the earth except for a specific purpose."
Ismail Barakat: Right. Yes.
A woman: And also not for us to play. Ismail Barakat: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: And this purpose is stated in Sura 67. Shakira: Repeatedly, it says
Shakira: not to play.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm? Shakira: Not to play, but for hard work.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: He didn't create it for playing.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Shakira: It's for hard work. We have to work hard. The human being has to work hard.
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, on, I, is, is, is that what is meant? No, I think...
Dr. Khalifa: (90:4) لَقَدْ خَلَقْنَا ٱلْإِنسَـٰنَ فِى كَبَدٍ Shakira: No, you, the word "hard work" is used.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, no, because
Dr. Khalifa: For example, why are you awake now? Ismail Barakat: I think we should (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ismail, why are you awake now? Shakira: 2 Ayas.
Ismail Barakat: Huh?
Dr. Khalifa: Why are you awake now?
Ismail Barakat: Because I'm here. If I've been elsewhere, I've been fast asleep.
Dr. Khalifa: No, you still wake up for Fajr.
Ismail Barakat: I think what Shakira is saying, Rashad, is, is that Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala, I, I don't know where, the quote, but He says that He did not create this...
Ismail Barakat: He, He, He says the life on, on earth is nothing but fun, games and it's, it's not, not to be taken seriously.
Shakira: I don't understand what you're saying.
Dr. Khalifa: You're not supposed to play.
Shakira: I'm sure we know, we, we understand it
Dr. Khalifa: (90:4) لَقَدْ خَلَقْنَا ٱلْإِنسَـٰنَ فِى كَبَدٍ In other words, Shakira: exactly like that.
Mahmood Abib: We understand the same point.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. And this is why, Shakira: And possibly we understand the same thing.
Dr. Khalifa: this is why you are up now.
Shakira: We are working hard right now. Dr. Khalifa: to say (unintelligible)
Shakira: We are working hard right now.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: I'm not working. I'm (unintelligible)
Shakira: We are having a good time, Mã Shã Allãh. But exactly, that's why. Dr. Khalifa: No, but if you didn't come across
Dr. Khalifa: if you didn't come across this message, you will be fast asleep at this moment, right now.
Shakira: Yeah, so, according to God, this is work, this is work. Dr. Khalifa: Most people out there...
Dr. Khalifa: Here comes my favorite impersonation. They're all...
Shakira: He says in the Quran that it is very hard for you to get up in the morning and Pray. I know that it is hard for you to get up and Pray in the morning, but not so for the believers.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
Shakira: He says you will get up if you're a believer. It will not be hard for you.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
Shakira: So, that's why you say like that because you are a good believer and it's not hard for you to get up.
Shakira: It's no longer hard for you. Dr. Khalifa: It used to be.
Shakira: It used to be, but it is not, Mã Shã Allãh. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I had to beat him up.
Ismail Barakat: That's alright.
Shakira: And He specifically says about the Morning Prayer. Dr. Khalifa: It used to be hard. You see, Ismail,
Dr. Khalifa: especially Ismail, because he's a night owl.
Dr. Khalifa: He goes to bed like 2 or 3 in the morning and in Vancouver the night is half an hour.
Shakira: But you know, I'm sure it's the same with everybody.
Shakira: But you know that sometimes I'm so afraid to miss one NAMAZ (Contact Prayer).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. God bless you. Mã Shã Allãh. Yes. Shakira: I'm so afraid.
Shakira: I just panic. Oh, I have to, I have to be up, otherwise I panic.
Dr. Khalifa: It gets easier and easier.
Shakira: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: You see, at first, it's difficult, then it becomes easier.
Shakira: That's true. Dr. Khalifa: But for Ismail, you missed what I said that the night in Vancouver is half hour.
Ismail Barakat: It's a half hour. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: You pray Esha (Night Prayer) and then you shouldn't sleep.
Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: You stick around for 20 more minutes and you pray Al-Fajr.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah. That's, that's what I do. That's what I do.
Mahmood Abib: Sorry, what's wrong?
Shakira: The night is short. Ismail Barakat: Many many (unintelligible)
A woman: In the summer.
Dr. Khalifa: In the summer... A woman: the night is short. Shakira: You know, when
Shakira: when, you know, I was in Alaska in July, it never became...
Ismail Barakat: It's getting darker. Yes.
A woman: I had, I had a picture that I brought in to Rashad.
Shakira: That picture is from Alaska. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: They had a, they had a time-lapse photography of the sun
A woman: just touching Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: the horizon and going back up. But how do you get sunset, the night and sunrise in there?
A woman: It's two seconds when it just Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: touches the (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: July 21st.
A woman: (unintelligible) horizon. June 21st. Dr. Khalifa: June, June 21st. Shakira: While I was in Vancouver in July.
Ismail Barakat: Where you then? Shakira: I was in Vancouver in July.
Ismail Barakat: It's not July? Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh my God, you should have met our people there.
Shakira: But in July I was not a believer.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Next time, next time, be sure to give Ismail your phone.
Shakira: Yeah. We went to Alaska. We went up to the Arctic A woman: Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Shakira: Pole, you know.
Shakira: We went up to Denali National Park and
Shakira: Fairbanks. Dr. Khalifa: She's been aflame since then.
A woman: It was so beautiful.
Ismail Barakat: It is definitely.
Shakira: Anchorage is very good. Anchorage is so beautiful.
Dr. Khalifa: So in Ramadan, we have just barely enough time to drink.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah. In fact, it's impossible for me, anyway, it's impossible to eat two meals.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, I know.
Ismail Barakat: Just one meal.
Dr. Khalifa: Even I ate one meal, any way, in Ramadan.
Shakira: That is going to be (unintelligible) because I eat so little that if I don't eat it every day, it's hard for me.
Dr. Khalifa: You'd better make it easy. You'll be a bit surprised.
Ismail Barakat: Just, just, just like getting up for Fajr. It's the same thing. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: The first three days are gonna be difficult but that's it.
Shakira: I'm totally accepting that. Behrouz: Ziba was saying that
Behrouz: she was listening to a talk show on radio and doctors were talking about this diet, like you start eating certain things.
They, they come to the conclusion that after 13 or 15 hours, your body does not get any food
Behrouz: Its (unintelligible) chemical, body provides like a, like a antibiotic that cures the whole body.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Mã Shã Allãh.
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Ismail Barakat: What does it do? It cures the whole body?
Shakira: What did he say? Mahmood Abib: I think,
Mamhood Abib: it cleans the... Yes. Dr. Khalifa: cleansing the body.
Shakira: What did they find? Dr. Khalifa: Like a hormone.
Dr. Khalifa: This doctor was speaking and they found this. Go ahead.
Behrouz: They found out after 14 hours, if you do not eat anything, body provides some, some
Dr. Khalifa: Like antibody or hormones Behrouz: Yes.
Behrouz: that cleans the whole body.
Dr. Khalifa: It's like a Roto-Rooter on cholesterol. Behrouz: The doctor
Behrouz: says if you know, if you use, this is (unintelligible) for you. Dr. Khalifa: Some...
Dr. Khalifa: The body produces the Roto-Rooter to clean the veins. Behrouz: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: I, I believe it. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Ramadan will be, it's getting shorter and shorter every day. It's gonna be March. Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: This year, it will be March 27th. Shakira: Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: No, Ramadan in Vancouver around Christmas time is fantastic. Dr. Khalifa: Next will be (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, well, the day is half hour.
Mahmood Abib: I know, the day would be half hour.
Ismail Barakat: You know, all I used to do was, I don't usually eat a big lunch anyway, but I used,
Ismail Barakat: all I did was miss my coffee in the morning and my coffee in the afternoon. That was, that was the, the extent of...
Dr. Khalifa: These guys laugh at me all the time when I get in Vancouver because I'm all confused about the times.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why I asked (intelligible). What asked, he said "we still have four hours left.
A woman: When I go up there in the summer, it's real strange. I normally go to bed early.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: I tend to go to bed and then wake up and pray the Night because I've already gone to bed before the (unintelligible).
Shakira: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: I have to wake up and pray the Night and then go back to bed. Ismail Barakat: That's right. Yeah. Yep.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah. I used to do the Salat in summer, right, I'd go to bed A woman: Yeah.
Ismail Barakat: and then wake up for, for, for ISHA
Ismail Barakat: and then stay up for Fajr and then go to bed. A woman: Oh, no, no I don't do that.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a lot of fun anyway. Lydia visits BC every year.
Shakira: Definitely, Ramadan is starting on 27th?
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH, yes.
Shakira: IN SHAA ALLAH.
Shakira: But why do they make such a big deal of the moon and this and that? I mean,
Shakira: every year there's a big hassle. Dr. Khalifa: Because of Hadith. This is the whole idea.
Isamil Barakat: Hadith.
Shakira: There's a big hassle. I mean, they can, they never... Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: You can tell the Ramadan 100 years from now. Ismail Barakat: And they
Ismail Barakat: They screw up every year
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: every year.
Shakira: Every year.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they never fast in the (unintelligible) Shakira: Always, you know
Dr. Khalifa: Last year,
Dr. Khalifa: it was very strange. Shakira: India has one Eid
Shakira: and Pakistan has another Eid. All the time.
Shakira: Every single, they never have Ismail Barakat: They now
Shakira: They never had a shot of the same thing. Ismail Barakat: In Egypt now, I understand, Rashad, they, they use astronomical means.
Dr. Khalifa: No, they don't. They write it down.
Dr. Khalifa: Astronomically, Ramadan will begin on March 27th.
Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But the stupid Mufti has to tell them it's the 28th or the 26th.
Shakira: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: It is never
Dr. Khalifa: It is never the right day.
Shakira: And, and...
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, he seems to go out of his way to oppose the astronomical.
Shakira: And Eid will be on 25?
Dr. Khalifa: 26.
Shakira: 26.
Dr. Khalifa: Last day is 25. April 25.
Ismail Barakat: And you know, they come up with the dumbest obfuscation that "it is impossible to determine when the moon appears."
Ismail Barakat: What are you talking about? Darn Americans put a guy
Dr. Khalifa: on the moon Ismail Barakat: at a certain spot within two feet of the spot
Ismail Barakat: on the moon where it's supposed to be. And you guys can't even see it. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Right.
Ismail Barakat: Jesus Christ.
Shakira: Is it OK to say Jesus Christ?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Shakira: But I say it all the time. Jeez. I say Jeez all the time.
Dr. Khalifa: Jeez, yes, maybe. I say it "cheese" so it's mine.
Shakira: I can't say Jesus Christ?
Dr. Khalifa: No. Better to avoid it.
Dr. Khalifa: Why?
Shakira: Because we grew up with it.
Dr. Khalifa: I know, but I mean, I'm asking why you say Jesus Christ.
A woman: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a commemoration.
Ismail Barakat: But usually you say it, you say it, YA'NI (meaning) in negative terms. Dr. Khalifa: But Satan doesn't know that.
Dr. Khalifa: Satan will point at you and says "he's commemorating Jesus Christ."
Ismail Barakat: Oh, yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Because Jesus is dead. Really. Jesus will take the appearances.
Shakira: And I liked Jesus.
Ismail Barakat: I stop this one.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Definitely.
Ismail Barakat: Definitely. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Ismail Barakat: God willing, it's the last time we say it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. You see, Satan hates you. You know that. Shakira: IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: And he will play dumb. He says "Ismail Barakat is commemorating Jesus Christ."
God will tell Satan "you know what he means and I know what he means." "I don't care." Satan. Crybaby. He's the biggest crybaby. Yes. The biggest crybaby. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And invariably God will grant him, because we give him the excuse. So, God grants him his excuse. He says "It's OK. Go fix Ismail."
Shakira: I'll say something, but it doesn't mean everybody has to, God has to forgive me.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Sometimes I think He was getting bored.
Dr. Khalifa: Who?
Shakira: So, God.
Dr. Khalifa: No, never.
Ismail Barakat: No, no, no.
Dr. Khalifa: The people in Heaven, this is why she said, may God forgive me.
Dr. Khalifa: Because even in Heaven, the creatures will never be bored. This is... two things that would never happen in Heaven: being bored and being tired.
Shakira: He didn't say "bored."
Shakira: He said "I will take away your worry. I will take away your jealousy. I will take away your tiredness."
Shakira: He didn't say "I'll take away your boredom." Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Bored, yes.
Shakira: Bored? Dr. Khalifa: He takes away being, being bored. You will never be bored.
Shakira: It says that in the Quran? Mã Shã Allãh. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, Sura 14 or 15, I forget.
Shakira: OK. Don't worry about it. So long I'll be returning, I'll take your word for it. Dr. Khalifa: 14 or 15.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, take my word for it.
Ismail Barakat: But it'll be awfully boring, you know, because you've got a couple of trillion years. Dr. Khalifa: Eternity.
Shakira: I know.
Shakira: I keep thinking I do (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yep, anything you want.
Mahmood Abib: It will be changing, different thing. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Shakira: Oh, my God. Mahmood Abib: Every day will be different.
Mahmood Abib: You know it is.
Dr. Khalifa: There are no days.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Shakira: I know.
Dr. Khalifa: One last day.
Ismail Barakat: They can't be in a day because
Shakira: We'll be everlasting. Ismail Barakat: the days (unintelligible)
Shakira: We don't know whether it will be day or night or what.
Dr. Khalifa: One last day.
Shakira: Will we sleep? I don't know.
Dr. Khalifa: It'll be fun. Shakira: Everything is...
Dr. Khalifa: Mutual Blaming, 27.
[37:27] They will blame one another.
[37:28] They will say (to their leaders), "You used to come to us from the right side."
Dr. Khalifa: Meaning pretending to be righteous. (unintelligible)
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: From the, from the right side. 29.
[37:29] They will respond, "It is you who were not believers.
[37:30] "We never had any power over you; it is you who were transgressors.
[37:31] "We incurred our Lord's wrath; and now we have to suffer.
[37:32] "We misled you, only because we ourselves were misled."
[37:33] Thus, they will all suffer the retribution on that day together.
[37:34] This is how we requite the guilty.
Now, why are they in this bad position? Because of the following verses.
[37:35] When they were told, "Lã Elãha Ella Allãh [There is no other god beside GOD]," they turned arrogant.
This is invariably the case. Tell them Lã Elãha Ella Allãh, they beat you up.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, I have it on video. Did you watch this video of Bilal Phillips? I have this video of Bilal Phillips.
Ismail Barakat: Bilal Philips (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: He says "now Rashad Khalifa...
Dr. Khalifa: He said "now Rashad Khalifa exposed himself. He says 'Lã Elãha Ella Allãh', and that's it. Can you imagine that?"
He said in the video.
"All he says is Lã Elãha Ella Allãh." Doesn't this guy think?
Ismail Barakat: No, the thing is that the Hadith that he, that he accepts said,
Ismail Barakat: "if you say Lã Elãha Ella Allãh, you're guaranteed Paradise."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, this is, even the Quran, even the Jews and the Christians, according to Quran, who say Lã Elãha Ella Allãh,
they make it to Heaven.
You know the theme of this Quran at the very beginning?
Dr. Khalifa: If you believe in God,... Ismail Barakat: Sura 2:62.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
So, even the Jews and the Christians obviously don't recognize Muhammad at all.
Even the Jews who say Lã Elãha Ella Allãh, they go to Heaven.
And this guy, I have it here on the video. Anybody can see it.
And he's saying "Rashad Khalifa has gone completely bananas now. All he says is Lã Elãha Ella Allãh."
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, what is this?
Ismail Barakat: Well, he says "Lã Elãha Ella Allãh... Lã Elãha Ella Allãh, Muhammadan Rasoolu Allah."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: You know I have such a habit for it that sometimes I automatically say and then I just...
Dr. Khalifa: It takes you a few months to get rid of it.
Shakira: Yeah, that's true.
Shakira: But SHAHADA, what does... SHAHADA mean "witness?"
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Ismail Barakat: Yes.
Shakira: SHAHADA is witness. So, word SHAHADA means witness.
Dr. Khalifa: Did Pari share with you her discovery?
Shakira: No, what?
Dr. Khalifa: That was a very significant discovery and when she was here the last time.
Shakira: What?
Dr. Khalifa: She, she said, in the Quran, we witnessed God.
Shakira: Oh, yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Sura 7 (unintelligible) yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: But we never witnessed any, any of the messengers.
Shakira: Yeah, of course, we witnessed God Dr. Khalifa: We never bore witness.
Shakira: because it says very clearly. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and this is why God states the SHAHADA in the Quran in 3:18
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: as Lã Elãha Ella Allãh. And here it is again.
35, while they are in this dilemma,
[37:35] When they were told, "Lã Elãha Ella Allãh ..." they turned arrogant.
Shakira: No, but in the...
[37:36] They said, "Shall we leave our gods for the sake of a crazy poet?"
Dr. Khalifa: Wow, this is what this guy said.
Shakira: But in that... Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Shakira: (unintelligible) in that verse God says, Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: remember He brought us all in front of Him.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: And then, so it's very clear there
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: that we saw Him and He told us that.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and the, and the word SHAHADA is used. "Do you bear witness I am your Lord?"
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: And we said "we bear witness."
(7:172) قَالُوا۟ ... شَهِدْنَآ
I mean, they used, God uses the same word.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, you didn't hear this before but that was a very good point that Parivash brought up.
Dr. Khalifa: You know,...
Ismail Barakat: The word SHAHADA only applies to God in Quran (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, but it's a fact. It's, in Quran, God says
وَإِذْ أَخَذَ رَبُّكَ مِنۢ بَنِىٓ ءَادَمَ مِن ظُهُورِهِمْ ذُرِّيَّتَهُمْ وَأَشْهَدَهُمْ عَلَىٰٓ أَنفُسِهِمْ أَلَسْتُ بِرَبِّكُمْ ۖ قَالُوا۟ بَلَىٰ ۛ شَهِدْنَآ (7:172)
So, this is in the Quran that every human being on earth witnessed
Dr. Khalifa: that God is, is our Lord.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah, this, we're talking... Shakira: Yeah, but that's very Dr. Khalifa: We never, we never
Dr. Khalifa: witnessed that Muhammad is a messenger of God or 'ISA (Jesus) is a messenger of God or anybody is a messenger of God.
Shakira: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, to say "اشهد ان محمد رسول الله" is a lie.
In fact, this is why God says when the hypocrites say "اشهد ان محمد رسول الله", God says God knows you are
Dr. Khalifa: His messenger and God knows they are liars, because they are stating a lie. Shakira: Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: Even though the body is witness, but the person, the souls, never witnessed that.
Shakira: Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's a very good point.
Number 36,
[37:36] They said, "Shall we leave our gods for the sake of a crazy poet?"
[37:37] In fact, he has brought the truth, and has confirmed the messengers.
[37:38] Most assuredly, you will suffer the most painful retribution.
[37:39] You only pay for what you did.
[37:40] Only GOD's servants who are absolutely devoted to Him alone (will be saved).
[37:41] They have deserved provisions that are reserved specifically for them.
[37:42] All kinds of fruits. They will be honored therein.
[37:43] In the gardens of bliss.
[37:44] On furnishings close to one another. [37:45] enjoying Cups of pure drinks.
[37:46] Clear and delicious for the drinkers.
[37:47] Never polluted, and never exhausted.
[37:48] With them will be beautiful [or handsome] companions.
[37:49] Protected like fragile eggs.
Dr. Khalifa: The people of Heaven... Shakira: May God protect us.
Dr. Khalifa: The people of Heaven visit the people of Hell
[37:50] They will confer with one another. [37:51] One will say, "I used to have a friend.
[37:52] "He used to mock: 'Do you believe all this?
[37:53] "'After we die and turn into dust and bones, we get resurrected?'"
[37:54] it will be proclaimed, "Just take a look!"
[37:55] When he looks, he will see his friend in the heart of Hell.
[37:56] He (will go to him and) say, ...
Now, number 57, wow!
because 57
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 57 is where we see the disbelievers begging for some energy, some light from the believers in Hell.
Shakira: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: You know those light bugs, Ismail? Those light bugs.
Dr. Khalifa: When the believers go to visit their friends, because the, the main feature of Hell is darkness.
Ismail Barakat: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: They will be like the light, fireflies, or the light bugs.
And at 57, the disbelievers are begging, let us have some of your light.
They'll be starving for energy.
And we see it here again at 57.
56
[37:56] He (will go to him and) say, "By GOD, you almost ruined me.
[37:57] "If it were not for my Lord's grace, I would have been with you now.
58, do we...
[37:58] "(Do you still believe) that we die, [37:59] "only the first death, then we never are requited?"
60
[37:60] Such is the greatest triumph.
[37:61] This is what every worker should work for.
[37:62] Is this a better destiny, or the tree of bitterness?
[37:63] We have rendered it a test for the transgressors.
[37:64] It is a tree that grows in the heart of Hell. [37:65] Its flowers are like the devils' heads.
[37:66] They will eat from it until their bellies are full.
[37:67] Then they will top it with a hellish drink.
a couple of Bloody Marys.
[37:68] Then they will return to Hell. [37:69] They followed their parents blindly.
So I'm gonna stop right here, and if there are no questions...
Mahmood Abib: Page 214.
Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
A woman: Salãmun ‘Alaykum Dr. Khalifa: ‘Alaykum Salãm
[10:43] Some of them look at you, but can you guide the blind, even though they do not see?
[10:44] GOD never wrongs the people; it is the people who wrong their own souls.
[10:45] On the day when He summons all of them, they will feel as if they lasted in this world only one hour, during which they met. Losers indeed are those who disbelieved in meeting GOD; and they are not guided.
[10:46] Whether we show you some (of the retribution) we promise them, or terminate your life before that, to us is their ultimate return. GOD is witnessing everything they do.
46 is a, is a repeated verse in the Quran, and it really means that
the people who advocate God alone will be ridiculed always by somebody until the last day of of their lives. It is what it means.
So,
[10:46] Whether we show you some (of the retribution) we promise them, or terminate your life before that, to us is their ultimate return. GOD is witnessing everything they do.
[10:47] To each community, a messenger was sent. Once their messenger comes, they are judged equitably, without the least injustice.
I may, I may have to go back and re-translate this, make it clearer. Community, people think community like eastern hills subdivision, or something like that.
I think community in the Quran means like the Christians, Jesus, the Jews, Moses, you know, the Muslims, Muhammad.
This is what it really means.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it is not a community or a generation, or congregation. It could be the...
A woman: Congregation. Dr. Khalifa: Congregation?
Dr. Khalifa: To each congregation a messenger.
Dr. Khalifa: People have the Baptists, the Presbyterians.
A woman: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: There are different congregations.
A woman: Each faith.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
A woman: Each faith. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Something like that.
Mahmood Abib: Ummat. (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: What's Ummat in Farsi? What is the impression you get?
Behrouz: A group of people.
Behrouz: I mean, this is Arabic, we just use it.
Dr. Khalifa: But you do have the word Ummat.
Behrouz: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, when you hear it in Farsi, how big a group is it?
Dr. Khalifa: How do you apply it in Farsi?
Behrouz: It's just a big group.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, Ok. In the Quran, this is what it means. So, we have to express right. Then, I'm gonna go to.
Behrouz: This word in Farsi is not used except in the translation of the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, Ok. Not in your daily language. Behrouz: We use it in Arabic.
Behrouz: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Like "the Ummat must listen to this."
Behrouz: You know like (unintelligible) so they use that.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Behrouz: Because of the word in Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, "The Ummat is in trouble."
Behrouz: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: This means the whole Muslim Ummat.
Behrouz: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: It means all the Muslims in the world. 48.
[10:48] They challenge: "When will this [asteroid come to hit us], if you are telling the truth?"
The Messenger Possesses No Power
[10:49] Say, "I possess no power to even harm myself, or benefit myself; ...
It is God who will decide that.
[10:49] ... only what GOD wills takes place." Each community has a predetermined life span. Once their interim comes to an end, they cannot delay it by one hour, nor advance it.
[10:50] Say, ...
Now here,
each community has a predetermined lifespan. Community here is like the Roman Empire, for example.
There is a time for it, then, the Byzantine Empire.
The American Empire.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
It is like a whole nation, a country.
[10:50] Say, "Whether His retribution comes to you by night or by day, why are the guilty in such a hurry?
[10:51] "If it does happen, will you believe then? Why should you believe then when you already had challenged it to come?"
Dr. Khalifa: They may be like Pharaoh, when they see the asteroid coming.
Mahmood Abib: Talking about asteroid, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, really?
Mahmood Abib: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, wow. A woman: (unintelligible)
Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) asteroid.
Dr. Khalifa: Hmm?
Mahmood Abib: When it hit the earth, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You're kidding? And you're sitting there in the corner, quiet?
Mahmood Abib: I haven't seen the paper myself.
A woman: (unintelligible) Mamhood Abib: It is?
Dr. Khalifa: Well, how do you know?
Behrouz: How did you know?
Behrouz: Oh, at the (unintelligible) Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He's just sitting there.
Mahmood Abib: (unintelligible) this.
Mahmood Abib: One hour of broiling.
Dr. Khalifa: Wow!
One hour of broiling.
Dr. Khalifa: H. Jay Melosh
Dr. Khalifa: believes a meteor may have hit the planet, Mahmood Abib: This is (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: sparking, Mahmood Abib: started a firestorm.
Dr. Khalifa: yes, a firestorm that destroyed most life on earth.
Dr. Khalifa: This is the guy who published an article. He even has pictures and illustrations.
Mahmood Abib: Look what it hit, the Arabs. Look at the map.
Dr. Khalifa: No, that's Europe.
Mahmood Abib: This is Europe. Alright. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Behrouz: Persia.
Dr. Khalifa: A comet or asteroid slams into earth. Oh, I wish I can put this in the...
Behrouz: Sure slam. Islam.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Vaporized rock and debri caused by the impact shoot into space.
Dr. Khalifa: Vaporized. Smoked.
Mahmood Abib: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Vaporized rock. Smoked.
As the debri re-enters the atmosphere, each of the trillions of grains of sand will generate 1800 to 2000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Incoming debri with the surface.
Dr. Khalifa: Incoming debri. A woman: Yeah, I understand.
Dr. Khalifa: Thermal radiation cloud, source H. Jay Melosh.
Who is he?
Imagine the entire sky erupting with fire.
Smoke from the sky.
(44:10) فَٱرْتَقِبْ يَوْمَ تَأْتِى ٱلسَّمَآءُ بِدُخَانٍۢ مُّبِينٍۢ
Mahmood Abib: Explosion. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Now, feel the heat from such a horror.
Ten times hotter than high noon on a July day in the Arizona desert.
Hot enough to ignite much of the world's forests, like
like so much timber. Hot enough to broil steaks, dinosaur steaks.
So, this is U.A. planetary scientist, H. Jay Melosh and his colleagues say in an article published this week in Nature.
Dr. Khalifa: OK, this is what has been (unintelligible) last week in Nature.
Mahmood Abib: I'll get the Nature magazine. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, timing and the picture.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I have to rewrite that article now.
Thanks, Mahmood for informing us. Thanks for your job. Great job.
"Stand there, no customers, what to do? Oh, the paper is here. Let me glance through see what happened to Somalia."
Dr. Khalifa: Is Siad Barre still alive?
Mahmood Abib: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) paper.
Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
51.
[10:51] "If it does happen, will you believe then? Why should you believe then when you already have challenged it to come?"
[10:52] It will be said to the transgressors, "Taste the eternal retribution. Are you not requited precisely for what you earned?"
[10:53] They challenge you to prophesy: "Is this really what will happen?" Say, "Yes indeed, by my Lord, this is the truth, and you can never escape."
I think these verses are applicable to both these, for the perspective, because this is a crucial perspective.
What Price Faith, 54.
[10:54] If any wicked soul possessed everything on earth, it would readily offer it as ransom. They will be ridden with remorse when they see the retribution. They will be judged equitably, without the least injustice.
The thing about these asteroids
is that they can come in any sizes, you know. I mean, this is what he, he says killed the dinosaurs.
So, it doesn't have to be this size. They come in any size that God chooses. Everything will be measured.
Dr. Khalifa: And the description of Sura 44 is that, obviously, it will not end life on earth.
Mahmood Abib: And also, it hit several different places on earth. The one that he says
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Mahmood Abib: killed the dinosaurs hit so many areas, the whole earth became ignited.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Mahmood Abib: If it hits only one area, then (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, this will be just in Arabia. Mahmood Abib: Yeah.
Mahmood Abib: As a matter of fact, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They don't say what is he's holding in his hand.
Mahmood Abib: Is that a book?
Dr. Khalifa: Huh? No.
Mahmood Abib: A rock.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: Not even rock. (unintelligible) It looks (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa:: No, no, it's an odd-shaped rock.
A woman: Yeah, like the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: 95% iron and 5% metal.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, we need one just as big as this mosque inside Arabia. That will do it.
Mahmood Abib: Yes. Definitely
Mahmoud: 4 miles, then.
Behrouz: This is what we don't know that... I'm sure it depends to the, the velocity of the object and the size that how much area is gonna...
Mahmood Abib: 40,000 miles an hour, the speed.
Behrouz: 40,000?
Mahmood Abib: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It should be the same. Velocity will be the same. Mahmood Abib: No.
Behrouz: And it's coming from the, I mean, 2 planets hit each other. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, they don't have to.
Behrouz: They don't have to? So, what is it? On that
Behrouz: movie, they explained... Dr. Khalifa: When they hit each other, it will be a number of them.
Behrouz: Right. Dr. Khalifa: This is
Dr. Khalifa: Because they break into pieces and all the pieces will fall.
Behrouz: So, this is where they're coming from. For this 2 planets hit each other... Dr. Khalifa: No.
Behrouz: What else is it?
Dr. Khalifa: There are pieces of meteorites float in the space, billions of them.
Behrouz: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: So, one of them will come in a... and there's one now that intersects the orbit of the earth.
Dr. Khalifa: You know what this means? Did you hear the test of it?
Behrouz: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the earth's orbit around the sun is like this.
So, the earth is here, the asteroid goes in, and goes in, just, goes in the orbit like that.
And then, comes back and beats the orbit like that. It keeps doing this.
Dr. Khalifa: So, one of those times the earth would be in that spot, you know.
Behrouz: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It doesn't have to (unintelligible)
A woman: There are 25 of (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The Five Daily Prayers are so important that...
Shakira: Are they the most important of all the prayers? Dr. Khalifa: We will...
Dr. Khalifa: Definitely.
Shakira: So, if, if, if (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Because this is, this is a daily...
Shakira: If one individual (unintelligible) for and just this 5 times a day,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Shakira: that person will reach a very high rank and another person who does all the other four duties but is not Praying regularly, is that...
Dr. Khalifa: You can't really divide it like this. A righteous person will do all of it.
Shakira: But I have a feeling He has a computer and He puts everything in there, comes out (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes, that too. Every time you say "Subhan Allah", their computer clicks and (unintelligible).
Shakira: But you said...
Dr. Khalifa: Every time we remember God, And this is exactly what 115 means that Whatever righteous work they do, it does not go...
Dr. Sabahi: [3:118] ... who believe, do not befriend outsiders who never cease to wish you harm; or wish to see you suffer. Hatred shows through their mouths and what their chests hide is even worse. We have clarified the revelations for you, that you may understand.
119.
[3:119] Here you are loving them, while they do not love you, and you believe in all the scripture. When they meet you they say, "We believe," then as soon as they leave they bite their fingers out of rage towards you. Say, "Die in your rage." GOD is fully aware of the innermost thoughts.
120.
[3:120] When something good touches you they hurt, and when something bad happens to you they rejoice. If you steadfastly persevere, and maintain righteousness, their schemes will never hurt you. GOD controls everything they do.
I stop here because I think these three are related to each other under the title: Do Not Befriend Hypocrites.
This is another lesson which we can relate it to that best community ever raised among the people,
that God is telling us that be aware of the outsiders
[3:118] ... who never cease to wish you harm; or wish to see you suffer. ...
The only person who, who, or people who can be like that, to suffer, to wish harm and want to see other people suffer,
they should be devilish. They should, they... There is no, no humanity involved because that is the time that you have completely
given up your soul to the Satan. Because these are the things which are satanic, wishing other people harm and suffering.
A righteous person, a person who believes in God
and is leading a righteous life, he or she never wants suffering or harm for anybody else.
God is saying that hatred shows through their mouths and what their chest hide is even worse. That's very interesting.
People who are like this, people who enjoy seeing other people suffer,
they harm themselves. They hurt themselves. They suffer more than the others because
you live your life, you believe in God, you are living a life that you think you believe is the righteous life,
but those people who have nothing else to just watch you and, and suffer because
they suffer with, with the way that you walk, the way you talk, the way you eat.
They, they just, whatever they do, you do, it harms, you know, they are the ones who are looking for something.
They, they just all the time are, because they are full of so much hatred, which God says hatred shows through their mouths
and what their chest is hiding is, is worse. I have seen it through my own life that no matter what
you do, sometimes you are even unaware of the fact that some people are watching you and are suffering because of what you do.
You are, you just do it naturally because of your beliefs, but others who are watching you, they get hurt. They, they just,
either it's unacceptable to them or for no reason. For example, if I go and tell a friend that I go to
Friday Prayers, first of all they look at me and say "hey, what is wrong with you?" You know. "What are you up to? Why you go to..." Because
it is, it is the tradition in the Muslim world that
either you are stupid and follow God's revelations, especially among the educated, or you are after something.
Other than that, there is no reason for you to go to a Friday Prayer
or go and spend your time reading the Quran. This is, this is the fact. So, as soon as they hear that,
their receivers in their radars start, you know, collecting all the signals.
And You, you wouldn't believe how many channels they have to receive.
You, you only have, you are emitting on one channel, but they have a million channels receiving.
So, they are the ones who, who worry about it. You don't worry, you're just leading what, you're doing what you believe is, is right,
and hopefully it is, and, you know, but they are the ones who are worrying, you know,
what is going on. Because they, although they say that
they don't want to follow you, they don't wanna do the same thing that you do, but somehow, for some reason,
they are so much, so much interested. They wanna see, they wanna, you know, why.
And when you tell them, then it's like talking to a stone wall.
It's for you, that you may understand.
[3:119] Here you are loving them, while they do not love you, and you believe in all the scripture.
This is why you love everyone else, as God says in, in the verses that they refer to.
A righteous person, a believer, doesn't see any distinction among anybody else, and sees everyone the same.
That is what we, we have a lot of discussion with my own kids, who are sleeping, both of them, more or less,
about racial issues, you know, how, how we can blame other people for being racist,
how we can blame other people looking at us differently, rather than looking, you know, similar to everybody else.
But the fact is, I have to go first back to my own system,
and see whether I see anybody else differently, whether I see a white person from a black person,
an oriental from an Iranian, and so on and so forth. If I can do, if I can clean myself,
if I can purify my own soul,
to see everyone else the same, then I won't have any problem with other people, because if they look at me,
and they think that I am a different race, or they are racist, I look at them and I see that they are suffering, as God is saying exactly,
they are the ones who are, who are suffering
because they think that they want you to suffer, they'll enjoy it, but if you purify your own self, and get to the point that you are
a righteous person, you don't see any difference between any other people
and then, you don't care about what the other people see, and that is what is expected from you.
[3:119] ... When they meet you they say, "We believe," ...
I think most of us have that experience.
[3:119] ... then as soon as they leave they bite their fingers out of rage towards you. Say, "Die in your rage." GOD is fully aware of the innermost thoughts.
So, this is, I'm not gonna talk more about it, it's very clear, and 120.
[3:120] When something good touches you they hurt, and when something bad happens to you they rejoice. If you steadfastly persevere, and maintain righteousness, their schemes will never hurt you. GOD controls everything they do.
God is giving assurance to us, that if we put all of our faith in Him, and follow what He tells us to follow,
then we have nothing to worry, we have, that's the best expression.
Nothing to fear, nothing to grieve, and the people who are hurt, who grieve, who are jealous,
they are suffering, let be it. I have nothing to do with it. That's the life that they chose.
That's the way that they are going, and this is the way that I am going. So,
God is assuring us that He is aware, and He is controlling everything they do.
And so, I don't have to worry about it, and think too much about it. It's a very, very good lesson that I don't mean,
don't get me wrong, that you don't have to do, you don't have to do your responsibilities, because God is
exactly telling us that if you are part of that community, you always have to be aware.
You have to be advocating righteousness and forbidding evil, which is part of the community work,
of part of your social responsibilities, but if you put too much emphasis on what other people say about you, or think about you,
then that's the time that you are in trouble. I stop here,
Dr. Sabahi: before starting 121, for questions and discussions again.
Douglas: Verse 119, where, where God says,
[3:119] ... but as soon as they leave they bite their fingers out of rage ...
In Sura 25, verse 27 on page 362, God says
[25:27] The day will come when the transgressor will bite his hands (in anguish) ...
What I, what I think is interesting here, very beautiful and interesting, is that God says that He knows what is in the chest,
and He says, in Sura 3, verse 119, He's fully aware of your innermost thoughts.
This tendency to bite one's hands in an, in an abnormal way, and bite the fingers, is very common when a person's angry
and rage, and suffering.
They may appear to be otherwise, but this is something that can actually recognize, if possible,
one kind of indication that a person has this anxiety and anguish, and God knows it.
And I see these two verses where we're talking about anger, and rage, and God knows what is in their heart,
and He knows what human beings do, certain habits they develop as a function of whether
or not they're in a state of peace, or they are in a state of anguish or rage. So, in that
sense, God is, He is aware, He knows the relationship between behavior, certain habits, the things
we do, and what's happening inside us. And we see the major thing here, of the anguish,
Douglas: the rage and the suffering.
Dr. Khalifa: I wanna talk about 118, well, I mean, actually there are three of them.
We are people who decided that God knows best, and we don't go to any, anyone else for what is good for us, what is bad for us,
and we are His servants and creatures, and we decided
we're gonna obey what He tells us. So, and God has a very good reason for any of these commandments.
Now here, He's telling us,
[3:118] O you who believe, do not befriend outsiders ...
etc. etc.
He said "do not befriend" them. Why is God, why is God telling us this?
From the experience we've seen in the last 12 years in this Masjid, it's because these people, the outsiders,
these people may take you away. And, and we know what this means. Actually, they will do everything possible
to stop you from, from being here, from continuing to worship God and follow His commandments.
And this is the biggest disaster that can ever happen to anybody. And we've seen it happen,
and we've seen it happen, we've seen the consequences for those people.
And then, God is giving criteria and descriptions of this group. So, a good subtitle here will be: Run for your life.
When you meet these people and sense that they are not totally
in agreement with following God's commandments, for example, if they mock the Friday Prayers,
I'm telling you, I've seen people who were dismissed from God's grace because of not doing the Friday Prayers.
They didn't have excuses. I mean, you have a very good excuse, a very good excuse.
But God knows. It's between you and God, that you cannot possibly make the Friday Prayers,
that's fine. But these are people who, in their mind, it is not important to do the Friday Prayer.
When God says "when the Friday Prayer comes, go to the Friday Prayer and drop all business." God is saying this.
So, I mean, we're either believers who follow God and obey Him, or will not. There is no in-between.
For God is saying
[3:118] O you who believe, do not befriend outsiders who ...
etc, etc, all the descriptions. What is God's interest in this?
Our welfare. Because if we mix with them, they will influence us.
And there is that chance or that possibility that may take us away from the path of God, and this is the biggest disaster.
Especially, when you come this close. When you're sitting here at noon witnessing miracles,
Ok. Right? Witnessing miracles, greater than Moses' miracles when he threw down the staff.
So, after seeing all this, when you see God's commandment, God says "do not befriend them."
Maybe you can talk to them. But befriend is a very dangerous disobedience of God.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Edip: According to Quran, believers have the, the most powerful truth, and they do not (unintelligible) with people on the subject.
But those people here, who don't have any base or any discretion. Those people are, they are (unintelligible).
They are not (unintelligible) people.
They are playing in both sides. And for this reason, those people, to befriend these people will not
Edip: give you anything. You will not gain anything from them. They will not gain anything from you because really they are not sincere.
Dr. Khalifa: They're being disastrous. Edip: What?
Edip: Yeah, only they will give you bad ...
Dr. Khalifa: Of course, you can try to help them, and guide them,
but once you, you've done this, you delivered the message, you tried to help them, and then you find that they are not responding,
and they continue their defiance of God and mocking you and so on. Run for your life. That is.
It's a very important commandment. You will not take God's orders lightly.
[3:118] O you who believe, do not befriend outsiders who never cease to wish you harm; ...
etc. etc. Now, you take this seriously.
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Dr. Sabahi and one...
Dr. Sabahi: Abdullah, I think.
Abdullah: I have a comment.
Abdullah: The believers are recognized, the righteous people are recognized by the,
by the people who don't believe in the Hereafter. And the reason they want, although they say they don't believe in what you're doing,
deep inside they think you might be right. And they are scared. They want you, they want you to be in the same pot with them.
And they, this, and the only way they can see is that you're wrong is something bad that happens to you,
and they look forward that something will happen, bad happen to you, but it never happens.
If it happens, they rejoice. If it doesn't happen, they're, they're, they are, you know, outraged inside, their inside.
It's just because deep in their, in their heart, they think you might be right and they'll be in
Abdullah: real trouble. And they wanna, they wanna tell you what to do the same pot, same problem.
Dr. Khalifa: Abdullah is quoting 4:89, you know. Let's look at it, 4:89, it's exactly what God is telling us.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a very good psychological analysis.
A man: Page 92.
Dr. Khalifa: Page 92, it says,
[4:89] They wish that you disbelieve as they have disbelieved, then you become equal.
You'll be in the same boat with them.
Dr. Khalifa: It's just they feel that, I don't know, I have a feeling that they sense your soul,
Dr. Khalifa: the size of your soul, it kind of bothers them. A man: Yeah. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: You have a stronger soul, you go there and you take over.
A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they want you to be in the same boat as they are.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. 121, The Battle of Badr.
Dr. Sabahi: 121, The Battle of Badr.
[3:121] Recall that you (Muhammad) set out to assign to your people their positions for battle. And GOD is Hearer, Omniscient.
122.
[3:122] Two groups of you almost failed, and GOD was their Lord. In GOD the believers shall trust.
[3:123] Thus, GOD gave you victory at Badr, even though you were weak. you shall observe GOD, to show your appreciation.
[3:124] You told the believers, "Is it not enough that your Lord supports you with three thousand angels, descending?"
[3:125] Yes, if you steadfastly persevere and maintain righteousness, then they attack you suddenly, your Lord will supply you with five thousand* angels, well trained.
126.
[3:126] GOD gives you, this good news, to assure your hearts. Victory comes only from GOD, the Almighty, Most Wise.
127.
[3:127] He thus annihilates some disbelievers, or neutralizes them; so they end up in failure.
128.
[3:128] It is not up to you; He may redeem them, or punish them for their sins.
129.
[3:129] To GOD belongs everything in the heavens and everything on the earth. He forgives whomever He wills, and punishes whomever He wills. GOD is Forgiver, Merciful.
I stop here.
121 to 129 is, as the subtitle says, is about the Battle of Badr,
which, I think, or, it is the first battle that Muhammad and his followers had to fight against the disbelievers.
God is reminding Muhammad that when you
were assigning people in the position for battle, they knew that they are going to attack them in their town, that
community that they had, and there were this bunch of, this group of
believers with the prophet, and they were ready to defend. And of course, it seems that
not all of those people were at the same level of belief. There were some who
were better believers, they were stronger believers, and maybe there were people who had some
some doubts in how far or how much God can help them. So, God is reminding Muhammad that when you
were assigning your people for their positions to, to, for the battle, two groups of you almost failed,
and God was their Lord. Although two groups of you failed, since I don't know the exact
history of the Battle of Badr, I don't know this failure is in the real battle
that they went out and fought and failed, or they failed the test, because this was a test of
how much you believe. Imagine that something happens outside, you know, now we have to go
and put our lives, say "okay, this is for God, and God wants us to go and fight these people who are attacking this mosque."
And then, that's the real test. This is one of the most precious things that we like, is your life. You have to go and risk your life
in the cause of God, you know, it is for God. So, it seems that if people have different
levels of belief, some people may doubt it, say "is this real
"battle? Is this really Muhammad, right, that this is for God?" And then you question.
And God is saying that two groups of you almost failed in that,
because you, those people didn't trust or didn't believe that God can help them with his angels.
And then, God is saying in 123, that
[3:123] GOD gave you victory at Badr, even though you were weak. ...
you know, outnumbered, weaker, maybe the other
side had better arsenal. And God is reminding them that you shall observe God to, to show your
appreciation. He helped you.
He made you victorious over the disbelievers, and you should remember, you have to always remember God.
[3:124] You told the believers, "Is it not enough that your Lord supports you with three thousand angels?"
[3:125] Yes, if you steadfastly persevere and maintain righteousness, then they attack you suddenly, your Lord will supply you with five thousand angels, well trained.
This clearly shows that how a believer, as Rashad just very, I think, beautifully put it, if you are believer,
you have so much strength, you have something about you
that even at the everyday life causes that, that, that strength.
It shows in your system. You know, you walk, you talk with more strength, with self-confidence, because
as was mentioned in today's Khutba. Since you believe in God,
you believe in someone Who is the Superior Force, who is the Creator of the whole universe.
So, you see everybody else the same. You don't worry about your boss.
You don't worry about anything. You, your soul has grown so big,
hopefully, that if you go in a room with some disbelievers, then there is not enough room, they just get pushed, they get squished.
So, and that's the time that God comes to your help. You go in a community and you see that. This reminds me of
a story that I was told, I don't know whether I told you this or not.
Tariq is here. I was talking to his parents, because they are Muslims. And they were saying that the first time they were exposed to Islam,
through Elijah Muhammad, in, in Brooklyn, New York, before that they were just normal people.
They were always thought that, you know, they are inferior to other people and so on and so forth.
But when they went through and they were introduced into what is, what was told to them that this is Islam,
whatever it was, that there is a god, Allah, you have to follow Him, you believe in Him,
and if you follow that, you do your Prayers, then you, you are strong.
And they were saying that after they even, they got that close to the, to the real thing, which is believing in God,
which then, you know, as we know the history of black Muslim movement in this country, which I'm sure
Douglas is, is a better position to, to tell us about it, but the thing that was interesting
to me was the strength that they said they felt with this. They said that all of a sudden
they felt that God is giving them so much strength that they would go to places
that they never imagined that they could go. They would go to places which were drug dealers
with shotguns, you know, and they were saying that they would go to these places, and all of these
nastiest people in the world that live in that area were afraid of them. Even they had
shotguns, even they had knives, even whatever. And that shows, this is an example, but God
is telling us exactly that if, if you believe in Him, He's gonna support you. The angels,
the numbers that are given here, which in the footnote, you can see that the numbers
that according the Quran are multiple of 19. God is giving these numbers and telling us that
in everyday life and also in the real battles that has happened in the past, and
may happen in other forms. It doesn't have to be battles that we fight with bombs and
guns and so on. Everyday battle with the believers, which nowadays is mostly through, through communications,
then God is gonna help you to be winners.
[3:126] GOD gives this you good news, to reassure your hearts. Victory comes only from GOD, the Almighty, Most Wise.
This is the reassurance that God given us, the good news.
[3:127] He thus annihilates some disbelievers, or neutralizes them; so they end up in failure.
[3:128] It is not up to you; ...
126
[3:128] ... He may redeem them, or punish them for their sins.
After you have done your work, you have done your job, it is not up to you.
I don't know why always when I teach one of these verses come up, that it's not up to you.
It's, He may redeem them or punish them for their sins. So, you have to do your homework,
you have to do your job. The rest of it is up to God to decide what He wants to do with the disbeliever.
[3:129] To GOD belongs everything in the heavens and everything on the earth. He forgives whomever He wills, and punishes whomever He wills. GOD is Forgiver, Merciful.
Dr. Sabahi: I stop for discussion and questions here.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I have lots to say here. Are there any questions before I say that?
Ok. First of all, I urge you or encourage you to, to go to any public library
and look up the Encyclopedia Britannica under Badr. B A D R. And in the Encyclopedia Britannica they give you
the numbers of equipment on both sides, the disbelievers and the believers.
And you can see according to those numbers from history, that the disbelievers vastly outnumbered
the believers for at least ten times as much in every category.
I mean seventy camels against seven, things, actually more than that. Look it up in the Encyclopedia Britannica.
And then, you look at the outcome of this battle and they say that militarily,
it doesn't make sense. The outcome doesn't make sense. Of course, they, they couldn't count the invisible forces of the three thousand of,
Dr. Khalifa: if you don't see the three thousand angels on the side of the believers. And, so, this will be quite a (unintelligible).
A woman: How did they describe each side? Did they describe the believers and disbelievers? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: They said Muhammad side and the pagan side.
Dr. Khalifa: That's quite fair, what I read many years ago when I read it.
A man: They may have (unintelligible) by now. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, just go and look for it in any public library, in Encyclopedia Britannica, under Badr and you'll see this.
A woman: It's in the history of Islam also, the life of the prophet Muhammad.
Dr. Khalifa: See, Britannica is, is a neutral, you know (unintelligible) it pretends to be neutral.
But the history of Islam, we'll see they're biased. But Britannica is in a public library. Everybody reads it. It's written by
the most outstanding authorities on the subject, been fully presented.
The other thing I wanna say is, you notice this is specifically the time of the prophet Muhammad that was...
I maintained that the time of Jihad was then, but now the battle is completely mental.
However, I wanna share with you a few instances where there may be this simulation of Jihad or something.
For example, in my first visit to Canada, I don't know if you still have the scar there.
But there were so many threats against my life before I went, and Satan participated heavily in that
to the point that I left Canada knowing that I will die there. This is the impression that I...
There were very strange things happening.
For example, the day before I left, I'm sitting peacefully watching the TV at home, and all of a sudden my wife says
"do you have insurance on your life?"