BISM ALLAH ARRAHMAN ARRAHIM My dear lucky viewers, Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
This tape will present to you how to observe the Contact Prayer, the Salat.
And you are very lucky because you are trying to learn how to make contact with your creator,
which is the greatest of all worships.
In this tape, I will explain to you the meaning of the word Salat.
You already heard me call it contact.
The word Salat (‏صلاة) is an Arabic word derived from the root Silah (صلة),
which means connection or contact. So, when you observe the Salat prayers, you make contact
with your creator.
It is wrong to translate it as pray.
As a Muslim, when you tell somebody “I pray five times a day”, that is the wrong expression,
because other people can tell you “I pray all day.”
The correct expression for the Muslim is “I make contact with my creator five times a
day.”
This is the meaning of Salat.
In this program, I will present to you where the Salat commandment comes from.
The Contact Prayer is mention in the Quran more than seventy times.
And I will show you the crucial verses, like where the times of Contact Prayers are mentioned
in the Quran.
Then, I will go on to explain to you the source of the Contact Prayers.
When was the first time that the contact commandment came to us from God? And how did it come to
our generation? I will explain this to you.
Then, I will move on to explain why does God want us to establish contact with Him.
Why did God command us to observe the Contact Prayers five times a day?
What is the reason?
Does God need the Contact Prayers, or do we need the Contact Prayers?
After this, I will go on to explain every aspect of the Contact Prayer.
I’m gonna start with the call for the Contact Prayer, the Azan (أَذَان).
I will go through the details, even the historical development of it.
I will show you how the words are written in English, the English transliteration.
Then, I will go on to the preparation for the Contact Prayers, which is called Wuḍū (وضوء‎)
or ablution.
And of course, my sources are always the Quran.
There's only one source, and it is this book right here, the Quran.
God’s message to you, to me and to the whole world.
This is God’s final message to the world.
And this is our source, the only source.
I will show you where the Wuḍū is mentioned in Quran and what the details are.
Then, I will demonstrate for you how to do the Wuḍū.
And I will move on from there to demonstrate for you and describe in detail how to do the
five daily Contact Prayers.
The Morning Contact, the Noon Contact Prayer, the afternoon, the sunset, and the
night Contact Prayer.
I will explain also some of the fine details of... for example, what happens when you miss
part of the Contact Prayer in a group.
You're going to the mosque and you see a group of people praying, you come in late, what to do?
And some other fine detail.
So, I hope this will cover everything you need to know about the Contact Prayer.
The most important worship in Islam.
You heard me say that the Contact Prayers must be observed five times every day.
Okay, where in the Quran do you find these five times?
They are specifically defined in the Quran.
For example, in Sura number 11, AYA or verse number 114,
we see three times of Contact Prayers.
This is what the verse says “You shall observe the Contact Prayers at both ends of
the day, and at night.”
So, here you have three prayer.
At both ends of the day, this is the Morning Prayer and the Sunset Prayer.
The Morning Prayer is before sunrise and the Sunset Prayer is immediately after sunset.
And of course, the Night prayer is the last prayer of the day.
So, here in this verse, we have three prayers. We are commanded to do these three prayers.
The Morning, the Sunset and the Night.
Now, the Noon Prayer is mentioned in Sura number 17, verse number 78
where it says “You shall observe the Contact Prayer when the sun begins to
decline from the highest point at noon.”
So, this is a very specific description of the time of the Contact Prayer at noon.
As soon as the sun begins to decline from its highest spot of the day at noon, you observe
the Noon Contact Prayer.
This is Sura 17, verse 78. It says exactly the time of the Contact Prayer at noon.
So, now we see the Morning Prayer, the Noon Prayer,
the Sunset Prayer, and the Night Prayer.
Well, this accounts for 4 of the prayers. Where is the fifth one?
We find the fifth prayer mentioned in Sura number 2, AYA or verse number
238), two three eight, where it says “You shall observe
all the Contact Prayers, especially the middle prayer.”
The middle contact prayer has to be the Afternoon Prayer because we have the Morning
Prayer, the Noon Prayer, the Sunset Prayer, and the Night Prayer.
These two prayers here and two prayers here, so the middle prayer will be
the Afternoon Prayer.
So, there you have it, all 5 Contact Prayers mentioned in the Quran.
By the way, the Morning Prayer and the Night Contact Prayer are mentioned by name
in verse 58 of Sura 24.
Sura 24, the verse is 58.
It talks about Salat Al-fajr (صلاة الفجر‎). This is the Morning Contact Prayer, and Salat
Al-isha (صلاة العشاء). This is the Night Contact Prayer.
So, all five times of the Contact Prayers are decreed in the Quran.
And now I would like to discuss with you the source, the original source, of the Contact Prayers.
When you look in the Quran, you will notice that before Abraham, there was no mention of
the Contact Prayers, the Salat.
You notice that Noah was telling his people to just believe in God and ask His forgiveness,
but there is no mention of the Contact Prayers before Abraham.
So, the original source of the Contact Prayers is the prophet Abraham who is the father,
the founder of Islam.
And we see this very clearly in Sura number 22, verse number 78,
the last verse of Sura number 22.
We also see it in Sura 21, verse 73
where we learn that the Contact Prayers were given to Abraham, as the original founder
of Islam.
And we see in Sura 16, verse number 123 that the prophet
Muhammad followed the ways of Abraham.
And then we see in Sura number 8 verses 33 to 35,
and in Sura 9, verse 54, we see that the Salat, the Contact Prayers,
were practiced before the prophet Muhammad.
So, all these... you know, a lot of people are under the erroneous impression that the
prophet Muhammad brought these practices, but they came through prophet Abraham, and this
is why we do not see the details of how many units per prayer and these kind of details,
we do not find it in the Quran.
Although the Quran is complete, perfect, and fully detailed.
So, the reason the details of the Contact Prayers are not in the Quran is because they were
already in existence when the Quran was revealed.
I can tell you to go and buy Crest toothpaste, and you will... I don’t
have to explain to you what Crest toothpaste is because Crest is already in existence,
all you need to do is go out in the market and buy it.
And when the Quran came down, the Contact Prayers, the Salat, were already in existence.
And this is exactly why in one of the very early Suras, Sura number 73
Al-Muzzammil, we see the commandment to observe the Contact
Prayers and the Zakat (the Obligatory Charity), because they were already in existence.
Abraham being the founder of Islam, what did he contribute to the religion?
He contributed all the practices of the religion.
The Contact Prayer, The Zakat charity, The fasting of Ramadan. In fact, we see
that the fasting of Ramadan was slightly modified in the Quran in Sura number 2, verse 187.
Also, Hajj. Hajj in Sura number 22, we see that
it is directly decreed through the prophet Abraham.
So, Abraham contributed all practices in Islam. You must correct that impression.
The prophet Muhammad contributed the Quran. That’s it.
But all the practices existed before the prophet Muhammad. They were in existence when the
Quran came down.
Now, we get to the question why should we pray?
Why should we make contact with our creator every day, five times?
Repeating the same thing, five times a day?
Well, the answer... the obvious answer first is that we do it because our creator
commanded us to do so, in the Quran, as I showed you.
But what is the mechanism? Why does God ask us to contact Him five times a day?
Does God benefit from it?
Do we benefit from it?
And the answer immediately is God does not need our Contact Prayer. We need the Contact Prayer.
And we fully understand the reason for decreeing the Contact Prayers if we know who we are.
You see, most people do not even know who they are.
You ask a person “who are you?” and they look in the mirror.
They say “this is me.” And you know something? They are wrong.
This is not me. This is my body.
And the body is like a garment that we are wearing temporarily.
The real person is invisible to us. The real person, the soul, is in another dimension
that is not visible to our eyes.
So, what does the real person look like?
This will lead us to understanding why should we observe the Contact Prayer.
You see, you can consider the Contact Prayers the meals for the real person, the food, the nutrition.
When we are born our mother feeds us milk and we grow.
Then, we eat all kinds of food, rice and meat and potatoes and so on, and our body grows
until it becomes five feet, six feet, whatever.
And that is the limit of the body’s growth.
Okay. Meanwhile, what is happening to the real person, the soul?
The body or the garment grows to five or six feet, but what happens to the real person?
Is the real person nourished just like the body?
And this is where most people do not realize the importance of making contact with their creator.
Making contact with our creator is the most important nutrition for the soul.
We need it to grow and develop. And I'm talking here about the real person.
The real person grows and develops by contacting our creator daily.
Five times every day constitutes five meals for the soul.
So, every time you do a Contact Prayer, your soul grows and develops.
And this is why we are commanded to do the Contact Prayer.
You can imagine the person who does not feed his or her soul. At the end of living in this
world, they are still babies because they never feed their soul.
But the Muslim, the person who observes the duties and practices of worship,
this person feeds the soul, and the soul grows and develops immensely.
And we end up our mission in this world, grown and developed, and healthy, and fit for the
real life, the eternal life that comes after this life.
The Contact Prayers therefore are very important. Think of them as the meal for the soul, for the real person.
The Morning Prayer is the breakfast for the soul, for you, the real you. Just like how you give
your body breakfast, lunch and dinner, you need, for yourself, the real person, you
need meals also.
The Noon Prayer is lunch for the soul.
And the Afternoon Prayer is another meal.
And the Sunset Prayer is an meal, nutrition for the real person.
And the Night Contact Prayer is the dinner for the soul.
So, nourishing, developing and growing the soul is the reason for observing the Contact
Prayers, and we are the ones who need it. God does not need it.
All practices of worship in Islam, without exception, are designed to cause the soul,
the real person, the real you, to grow and develop.
They're all designed to make you the boss over your body.
A lot of people, in fact the majority of people, are enslaved to their body,
their outer garment, that is temporary.
Some day this garment is going to vanish and you, the real person, will remain forever, for eternity.
So, most people, unfortunately, are unaware of nourishing and strengthening and developing
their soul, the real person.
But all practices of worship in Islam are designed to cause the soul to grow and develop,
nourish the soul.
For example, the Morning Prayer, let’s take the Morning Contact Prayer.
Before sunrise, what does the body... what does your body want?
Your body wants to sleep, right?
But your soul, you, the real you, the real person, needs to get up, do the ablution,
and observe the Contact Prayer, make contact, the first contact of the day with your creator.
So, immediately you can see that there is a fight. The body wants to sleep, and the soul needs
to get up and nourish itself and have breakfast.
Now, who's going to win? If your body wins, you continue to sleep.
And the body is the temporary garment. It is not very smart to let the body win, right?
If you win, you, the real person, win, your body will obey and will say “yes, sir”
will listen to you, obey you, get up out of bed, do the ablution, and observe the Contact Prayer.
So, you can see that the first Contact Prayer is a struggle between you and your body.
By the way, this struggle becomes less and less, as your body becomes more and more obedient
to you, as you become the boss. As you develop and become stronger, your body becomes more and more
obedient, and with time, your body, when you say “my body get up and do the Morning
Prayer”, your body will say “yes, sir” obediently.
As a matter of fact, eventually, you will actually enjoy getting up in the morning and doing the Contact Prayer.
And this is because the soul has grown and developed, and became the boss, and enjoys
observing the contact with our creator.
You look at the fasting, for example. One of the important practices in Islam is fasting
the month of Ramadan, during the month of Ramadan.
And, in Ramadan, your body, of course, wants to eat and drink, but you tell your body when you fast,
“you're not gonna eat or drink until sunset.”
So, you can see that you are practicing, exercising your soul, and this causes your soul to grow
and develop, and this is exactly the whole idea of our being here in this world.
We want to grow and develop as much as possible in order to enter the real life, the eternal life
the Hereafter, in a state of fitness, strength, growth and development.
Because in the Hereafter, you cannot hold a responsible position in the eternal real
life if you are weak, unnourished, and still a baby.
Will you hire a baby as a pilot, or an engineer? Of course not.
So, God wants you to develop yourself and to be strong enough to hold a responsible position,
a high rank, in the Hereafter, the eternal real life.
And all practices of worship in Islam are designed towards this end.
For example, the Zakat charity, what is it?
The Zakat charity is simply taking money away from your body and giving it to the poor.
So, you can see that you are being the boss because the body loves money. And you take something
the the body loves and give it away.
So, all practices of worship in Islam are designed to make your soul grow and develop,
make you the boss over your body.
And the Contact Prayers are the most important tool to do so.
You're gonna notice it the first time you do the Morning Contact Prayer before sunrise.
Let us now get to the details of the Contact Prayers and how to observe them.
There are a billion Muslims in the world today, 1000 million throughout
the world, in every country of the world.
But in the area that is recognized as the Muslim world, you hear the call for the prayer
five times every day, the Morning, Noon, Afternoon, Sunset and Night.
And you hear the MU'AZIN (مؤذن). This is the name of the person that delivers the Azaan
(أَذَان) or the call to Contact Prayer.
And before I get into explaining the Azaan, I wish to remind you that in the last 1400
years, lots of customs, innovations, prejudices, superstitions were added into
the Azaan.
And what I am going to present to you now is the Azaan of the prophet Muhammad
that he approved.
And I'm going to remove all the additions, and the superstitions, and nonsense from the Azaan
and I will give you the pure Azaan.
I'm going to write it for you on the board, so you can see how it is pronounced.
And I will have professional Azaans. You're gonna hear recordings of professional MU'AZINs.
Now, at the beginning of Islam, the people went to the prophet Muhammad and they said
“how can we call the people to come to the prayer? You know, the Jews have the horn,
and the Christians use bells. What are we going to use?”
And with time, the prophet’s companions studied the matter and finally, it was suggested
that somebody stands on top of the mosque and make the announcement,
Allahu akbar, which means God is great, 4 times.
Allahu akbar; Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar; Allahu akbar, La elaha ella Allah, there is
no god except the one God, which is the message of all God’s messengers to the world.
There's really one message from all the messengers that God sent to us. And this message is
la elaha ella allah, there is no god except the God, Allah.
So the Azaan consists of: Allahu akbar, 4 times, followed by la elaha ella Allah.
This Azaan that has been approved by the prophet consisting of Allahu akbar 4 times,
then la elaha ella Allah, with time, it got so long that in my lifetime, in 1953, the
Minister of Religious Affairs in Egypt issued a law to reduce the Azaan. It got so long
and so ridiculous, it took 10 to 15 minutes to deliver the Azaan.
And it had foolish things praising the prophet and his red cheeks and these silly things. I mean,
the Azaan got really ridiculous.
After a few years, some people added to the Azaan “Ash-hadu an la elaha ella Allah
wa ash-hadu anna Muḥammadan rasūlu Allah.”
This was added to the original Azaan.
Some years later, they added the expression “ḥayya ʿalā ṣ-ṣalāh” which supposedly
means “come to the prayer”, but it really doesn't mean that. Apparently, some new
foreign Muslims, that is non Arab Muslims, added that expression “ḥayya ʿalā ṣ-ṣalāh”
which is not a typical. The Arabic should have been “ḥayya ʿilā ṣalāt”, but
they said “ḥayya ʿalā ṣ-ṣalā.”
Then many years later, somebody added “ḥayya ʿala l-falāḥ” which supposedly means
“come to the success.”
And some other people added “ash-hadu anna alīyyan walīyyu Allah.”
in some parts of the Muslim world.
And until now, they use these... all these additions are being used in different parts
of the Muslim world.
Later on, some people added the ” ash-hadu anna ahlul bayt hojato Allāh” and so on.
So, the Azaan kept getting longer and longer, as I told you, until the Minister of Religious
Affairs in Egypt issued a law reducing the Azaan to its present form in the Muslim world.
But here at Masjid Tuscon, and hopefully you will go back to the original Azaan that the
prophet Muhammad approved. Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar, la elaha ella Allah.
This is the Azaan that we use here in Masjid Tuscon, and hopefully it will spread all over
the world.
We have it done like this in many mosques around the world
that have seen the light and decided to take the Azaan and the prayers to the original
Azaan and prayer of the prophet Muhammad.
You know the same thing is true with the Wuḍū.
Wuḍū is the ablution or the preparation for Salat.
When people hear the Azaan or the call to the Contact Prayer, they prepare for the prayer,
the Contact Prayer.
And they do this by observing ablution. And ablution is decreed in the Quran in Sura number 5
verse number 6.
And it is very specific. It gives you 4 steps. Remember that, 4 steps of ablution.
The average Muslim today has 8 or 9 or 10 steps
which constitutes actually in reality some other god that added these steps, because
they do it religiously, and it constitutes idolatry.
So, please be careful, and observe what the Quran says, the Quran, the whole Quran
and nothing but the Quran.
And the Quran gives us 4 steps.
The first step is washing your face. The second step is washing your arms to the elbow.
The third step is to wipe your hair. And the fourth step is to wash your feet.
These are the 4 steps decreed in the Quran, and it is actually a gross transgression
to add anything to the 4 steps, or reduce anything.
Some people will say “what is wrong with washing my nose and my mouth and my neck and all the... my ears and so on?
Of course, there's nothing wrong with extra cleanliness. Go take a bath or a shower if you want to.
But when it comes to religious practices, we must adhere to what our creator dictated exactly.
We cannot increase it, reduce it, or increase it by anything.
So, it is very crucial that we follow what our creator said in the Quran.
These are the words that came out of the prophet Muhammad’s mouth.
Ironically, those people think that they are following the prophet Muhammad by increasing
the number of steps in ablution. And you and I know that the prophet Muhammad could never disobey God.
So, if God said 4 steps, this is it. The ablution is 4 steps.
So, now let us go to show you, demonstrate for you the 4 steps of ablution, the Wuḍū.
We find this commandment in Sura number 5, verse number 6.
And I will quote the verse for you. It says “O you who believe, when you get up for
the Salat prayer, you shall wash your face, your arms to the elbows, wipe your hair,
and wash your feet.”
4 steps, and these are the words that came out of the prophet Muhammad’s mouth.
These are the words of God.
And God is saying you shall observe the ablution 4 steps.
Washing the face, arms to the elbows, wipe your head, and wash your feet.
These are the 4 steps as dictated in Quran.
However, like everything else, innovations, superstitions, traditions crept into God’s
commandment and Satan distorted the commandment.
Now, the vast majority of Muslims observe something like 9 or 10 steps in ablution.
And this is very serious because it simply means that there is some other god who told them
to do the ablution 9 steps. They wash their hands, their mouth, their nose, their
face, their ears, their neck. They have all kinds of innovations and additions.
And I would like to warn you that you must never increase the steps or decrease them,
the steps of ablution. You must obey exactly what God told you in Quran.
If you want to wash more, you might as well take a shower or do whatever you want, but outside
the ablution.
If you are taking a shower or a bath, you can do the ablution after the shower or the bath
while you are still in the shower.
But you have to go through the motions of ablution as I will show you now.
So, let me show you, demonstrate to you how to do the ablution.
First of all, you roll your sleeves so you can wash your arms to the elbows.
There we go. We are now demonstrating the ablution.
You go to the faucet, and the first step in Quran is wash your face. So, you wash your face.
Here we go. Bism Allah Al-rahman Al-raheem.
Okay, let me stop right here and remind you of something.
You should make an intention, that is you say “I intend to observe the Wuḍū, or the ablution.”
Before you do that and you say “Bism Allah Al-rahman Al-raheem.” And you commemorate God
in any way you want. You say “Alhamdu Lillah”, “Subḥān Allāh”,
“Allahu akbar”, anything you want to commemorate God.
But if you want to say it in Arabic, the intention should be;
“nawayatu al-wuḍū, Bism Allah Al-rahman Al-raheem.”
So, here we go. “Bism Allah Al-rahman Al-raheem, nawayatu al-Wuḍū.”
Then the first step, you wash your face.
Okay, I washed my face twice, and I feel like I did a good job. So, this is good enough.
There is no set number of washing your face.
The second step, the arms to the elbows. So, here we go,
washing the arm to the elbow. Right arm and then the left arm, the same thing.
And this takes care of the second step.
The third step is you wipe your hair. So, what I will do is
I wet my hands and then I wipe my hair, my head, like this. And this is the third step.
The final step is wash your feet to the ankles. So, you put your foot there
wash it thoroughly. And this takes care of the right foot.
And then the left foot.
That's it. There you have it, the 4 steps of Wuḍū, very simple.
Don’t add any more steps, and don’t reduce the steps.
Now that you finished the 4 steps of Wuḍū, wash your face, your arms to the
elbows, wipe your head and wash your feet, you are ready for the Salat Prayer.
So, now let's go back to the masjid and show you how to observe the Salat Prayers, all 5 of them.
The innovations, superstitions, prejudices, customs, and traditions did not hit the Azaan
and the Wuḍū only, brothers and sisters, it also hit the Salat itself, the Contact Prayer.
There's so much garbage that we have to remove from the Contact Prayers to make it pure,
and make it exactly the Contact Prayers that the prophet Muhammad preached and practiced.
So, what I'm going to present to you is the pure Contact Prayer without any innovations
or additions that happened in the last 1400 years.
We are trying to take the Salat, the Contact Prayers, all the way to the prophet Muhammad,
the way he preached it, and the way he practiced it.
And the most important point, please pay attention, the most important point is never to mention
any name other than the name of Allah, the name of God, in your Contact Prayer.
This is dictated upon us in the Quran.
But you probably know that the average Muslim today adds the names of Muhammad and his family,
Abraham and his family, and so on in the Contact Prayer.
And this nullifies the Contact Prayer and makes it absolutely useless, if not harmful.
So, you must be very careful. And this is my responsibility to tell you that.
You must be very careful never to mention any name other than the name of Allah, the
name of God, in the Contact Prayers.
We see this in the Quran in Sura 72, AYA or verse number 18,
where it says “the places of worship belong to God, do not mention any other name besides
the name of God.” This is a Quranic commandment.
And in Sura 20, verse 15, we see the commandment (20:14) أَقِمِ ٱلصَّلَوٰةَ لِذِكْرِىٓ
“observe the Contact Prayers to commemorate Me” singular. God
is telling us that we must commemorate Him alone in the Salat, in the Contact Prayer.
So, I will give you the details of the Contact Prayers and we will go the mosque now and
give you a demonstration.
But before I do this, I want to clarify that the TASHAHUD or the recitation while sitting down
should be only “Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah”
or just “Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah”, or just “La Elaha Ella Allah.” This is
enough. “There is no god except the one God.”
And forget about all these names, Muhammad and his family, Abraham and his family.
Muhammad and Abraham will be the first people to denounce this use of their name in the Contact Prayer.
And you know something, all the Imams of Sunni and Shia, all of them, unanimously agree that
this mentioning of Muhammad and his family, Abraham and his family while sitting down
in the Contact Prayer, is not an obligatory part of the prayer.
You heard me right. Unanimously, they agreed that this is just a desirable, they think,
a desirable part, but it is not. It actually kills your Contact Prayer, makes it useless
and actually does harm to you. Because God will be offended to have other names mentioned besides Him
in the daily worship. You're worshiping God alone. So, just be careful.
And this by the way led to the conclusion that you must recite only Al-Fãtehah, the opening
Sura of the Quran while standing up in the Contact Prayers.
Do not recite any Quran after the Al-Fãtehah. And on the surface, this looks like abandoning
the Quran, it is not. It's the exact opposite. Because in the Contact Prayers, a lot of people end up memorizing
the short Suras: “qul huwa Allahu ahad”, and “qul a’uzu…”, and that’s it. And they think
they know Quran.
But I must tell you to read Quran every day. You must read the Quran every day. This is
a commandment from our creator to read His message, the Quran, every day, the whole Quran,
not just the short Suras.
But in the Contact Prayers, please, you only need recite Al-Fãtehah.
And this is a unifying force of all the Muslims in the world.
I was praying in Mecca one time and the Imam read Al-Fãtehah and then he read the whole
Sura number 32, Sura Al-Sajdah after Al-Fãtehah.
And I was thinking, you know, there are a few thousands of people in there around the Ka‘bah
praying behind this Imam, and the vast majority of them didn’t know any Arabic.
What is their point? They just stand through all this recitation in Arabic that they do not understand.
What is required is only recite Al-Fãtehah.
And this will unify all the Muslims of the world. They will do the same thing in all
the prayer. In Japan, they know Al-Fãtehah. They read it in the Contact Prayer. In Sweden,
in America, in Canada, in Australia, in Mecca, in Pakistan, all the Muslims of the world
will do the same thing.
But this business of reciting long portions of the Quran is wrong. It actually ruins the
Contact Prayer. God wants things to be easy for us, but Satan wants to make things difficult
for us. So, he adds all things. Besides, when you recite the Quran, you mention Moses and
Jesus and Muhammad and Pharaoh and the devil and all these things.
You'll mention other names besides the name of God in the prayer, and this is forbidden by
commandment from God.
We are not to mention any name.
When you recite the Quran in the mosque and you mention other names, it's because God says
so in the Quran. It says (19:16) وَٱذْكُرْ فِى ٱلْكِتَـٰبِ مَرْيَمَ for example. This is God’s commandment.
You can mention the name of Mary in the Quran in order to learn from the lessons of previous
prophets, messengers, and so on.
And it is a commandment from God to mention. So, when we read the Quran, we mention these
names only because God commanded us to do so.
But in the Contact Prayers, in the Salat, we are commanded never to mention any other
name but the name of Allah, the name of God.
After you have done the Wuḍū and you are ready for the prayer, you go to a nice clean
place. You don’t necessarily need the prayer rug. This is one of those innovations.
You can pray in any clean place, even bare ground as long as it is dry and clean.
So, you go to a nice clean place and you find the direction of Mecca, the direction of the
Sacred Mosque, because this is a commandment in Quran that you must face.
This is an organizational point. There is no other significance to it, except organizational.
You can imagine people going in a mosque and facing in different directions, it'll be a mess.
So, this organizational point dictates on us that we must face the direction of Mecca,
wherever you might be.
So, in the United States, the direction generally is slightly south of east, slightly south
of east, southeast.
So, find the direction of Mecca. You face that direction and then you make your intention.
This is the first step.
You must say “I intend to do the Morning Prayer” in any language you like.
If you want it in Arabic, you can say “Nawaytu Salat Al-Sobh.” This will be the NIYYA or
the intention for the Morning Prayer.
Or if it is for the Noon Prayer, you say, in your heart or in an audible voice “I intend
to do the Noon Prayer”, “Nawaytu Salat Al-Zuhr” in Arabic.
If it is the Afternoon Prayer, it is “Nawaytu Salat Al-Asr.”
And for the Sunset Prayer, the NIYYA or intention is “Nawaytu Salat Al-Maghrib.”
For the Night Prayer, the intention or the NIYYA is “Nawaytu Salat Al-'Eshaa.”
So, but you can do it in any language you wish, secretly or loudly.
Now after you do the NIYYA, now you're facing the direction of Mecca, you make your intention
or NIYYA, then you open the Salat by raising your hands to the sides of your face and saying
“Allahu akbar” like this “Allahu akbar.
There is your opening of the Salat.
Once you say “Allahu Akbar” in this manner, you have started your contact or Salat, your contact with your creator.
Now after you make the opening TAKBIR, Allahu akbar, you can either put your hands on the side
or you can choose to hold them like this, with your left hand
on your stomach, and your right hand on top of your left hand. It doesn’t
make any difference. Some people make a big deal out of it, but there is no difference.
Either way is correct.
So, this is the opening of the Salat, the Contact Prayer.
Allahu akbar.
Now, you are ready to recite Al-Fãtehah, the opening Sura of Quran.
The easiest way for you is to have me write the words in English transliteration, English letters.
So, before you do the Wuḍū, the ablution, you can say your intention “I intend to
make the ablution” or Wuḍū either in English or in Arabic.
So “I intend to do the ablution” in English, the Arabic would be “Nawaytu Al-Wuḍū”.
And you write it like this “Nawaytu.” “Nawaytu” which means “I intend.”
Nawaytu Al-Wuḍū.
“Al” means “the.”
Ablution “Wuḍū”, “Al-Wuḍū.”
“Nawaytu Al-Wuḍū”
Let me write the words of Azaan for you. “Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar,
La Elaha Ella Allah.”
So, in the Azaan, we say “Allahu Akbar” 4 times.
“Allahu Akbar“ meaning “God is the greatest.” Allahu
“Allahu”, “God” “Akbar” (greatest).
Allahu Akbar, 4 times.
Then, “La Elaha Ella Allah.”
“La” means no.
La
“Elaha” meaning god with a small g.
“La” means no. Elaha is god.
no
Elaha is god with a small g.
“Ella” means except.
Ella, except
Allah means God.
“La Elaha Ella Allah“
So, this is the complete Azaan, the original Azaan without any innovations or additions
or traditions.
A lot of people think that Allah is the name of God, but it is not. Allah simply means God.
The English word for it is God.
The non-Muslims in the Arabic world say “Allah” because this is the Arabic word for God
even though they are not Muslims.
They will say “IN SHAA ALLAH.” They say “Allah” and because simply that is the language.
It is not the name of God. This is why I use the word, the English word, “God” for Allah.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
I'm going to write the NIYYA or intention for every prayer for you, so you can see how
it is spelled.
Here's the NIYYA or intention for the Morning Prayer.
“Nawaytu” – “Nawaytu” which means “I intend.
“Salat” – “Salat Al-Subh” – “Al” – “Subh” – “Al-Subh”
“I intend to do the Morning Prayer” – “Nawaytu Salat Al-Subh.”
Now, to make it the Noon Prayer, you just... you say the same thing except you change
“Al-Subh” to “Zuhr” which means “noon.”
“Nawaytu” – “Nawaytu Salat Al-Zuhr.”
This will make it the Noon Prayer, “Al-Zuhr.”
For the Afternoon Prayer, you just make it “Al-'Asr”
“Salat Al-'Asr.” You write 'A like this Al-'Asr. “Nawaytu Salat Al-'Asr.”
The Sunset, you make it “Al-Maghrib.”
“Nawaytu Salat Al-Maghrib”, it's written like this “Al-Maghrib.”
“Nawaytu Salat Al-Maghrib.” This is the Sunset Prayer.
And the Night Prayer is “Al-'Eshaa.”
“Nawaytu Salat Al-'Eshaa” – “Al-'Eshaa.”
“Nawaytu Salat Al-'Eshaa.”
By now you know how Allahu akbar is written, the opening of the Contact Prayer “Allahu akbar.
This is followed by Sura Al-Fãtehah.
And it is written like this: The first verse is “Bism Allah.”
“Arrahman.”
“Arraheem.”
“Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem.”
“Al hamdu”
“Lillahi”
“Rabbil ‘Alameen”
Okay, “Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem” means “in the name of God, most Gracious,
most Merciful.”
“Al hamdu Lillahi” means “praise be to God.
“Rabbil ‘Alameen” means “Lord of the universe.”
“Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem. Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen”, “in the name
of God, most Gracious, most Merciful. Praise be to God, Lord of the universe.”
And the next statement is familiar to you: “Arrahman Arraheem”, “Most Gracious
Most Merciful.”
And the next statement is: “Maliki” means “Master” or “King.”
“Yawm” means day. “Eddeen”; recompense. Yawm Eddeen day of recompense.
So “Arrahman Arraheem”, “Most Gracious, Most Merciful”, “Maliki Yawm Eddeen”,
“Master of the Day of Recompense.”
“Eyyaka Na’abudu” means “only You we worship.”
“Wa Eyyaka” means “and only You”
“Wa” means “and.”
“Eyyaka Nasta’aeen” means “we ask for help, only You we ask for help.”
“Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen”, “and only You we ask for help.”
The next statement... now, of course, you can always go back, reverse the tape and watch
all these words until you know them very well by heart.
The next statement is “Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem”, “guide us in the right path.
“Ehdina” means “guide us.”
“Al-Serata” means “the path”.
“Al-Mustaqeem”, “the straight” or the right path.
“Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem”, “guide us in the right path.”
“Serata” means “the path of”
“Al-Lazeena” means “the path of those”
“An’amta” means “those whom You blessed.”
“An’amta ‘Alayhim”, “You showered Your blessings on them.”
“Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem”, “guide us in the right path.”
“Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim”, “the path of those whom you blessed.”
And then we go to the last statement in the Al-Fãtehah, “Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim.”
“Ghayri” means “other than, or not.”
“Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim” means “not the path of those who incur wrath, or anger.”
“Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim.”
“Wa Laddaalleen” (not the strayers).
“Wa” means “and.”
“La” means “no”, “nor” “Wa La”
“Wa Laddaalleen”, and this is the end of it – “and not the strayers.”
“Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim”, “not the path of those who incur wrath, or anger”
“Wa Laddaalleen”, “nor the strayers.”
After you recite Al-Fãtehah, then you make Ruku, bowing.
And as you bow you say “Allahu Akbar” and you know what that looks like. I wrote it for you.
Then during the Ruku you say “Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem” about three times. It doesn’t
matter, two or three or four times.
“Subhaana” means “glory be to.”
“Subhaana Rabbiya” means “Glory be to my Lord.”
“Al-‘Azeem” means “the Great.”
“Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem”, “Glory be to my Lord, the Great.”
Then, you stand up and in this position only you say “Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah”
means “God hears anyone who praises Him.”
And it is written like this “Sami’a Allahu”
“Leman”, “anyone.”
“Hamidah”, “who praises him.”
“Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah” as you stand up.
Then, you make the first prostration, Sujud.
And when you do that, you say “Allahu Akbar” as you go down in prostration.
And during prostration, you say “Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa”
about three or four times, means “Glory be to my lord, the Most High.”
“Al-A‘alaa”, “the Most High.”
And this takes care of all the words of the Contact Prayers.
Now, you know how to say all the words and if you play the tape over and over, you can
see how exactly they are written down and how they are pronounced.
In the sitting position, you say “Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
which means “I bear witness that there is no god except Allah, the one God,
He is one.
“La Shareeka Lah”, “He has no partners.”
And this is how I write it “Ash-hadu” means “I bear witness.”
“Ash-hadu Alla”,
“Elaha” means “god with a small g.”
“I bear witness that there is no god”
“Ella”, “except”
“Ella Allah”, “the one God”
“Wahdahu”, “He is one”
“Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah”, “He has no partner.”
“La” means “no.”
“Shareek” means “partner.”
“La Shareeka Lah”, (He has no partner).
And this takes care of the Ta-shahud in the sitting position,
“Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.”
And then of course to end the prayer, you look at the right side and say “Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum”,
and then on the left side saying “Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum” and this ends the Contact Prayer.
So, let me write “Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum” for you.
“Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum”
There you have it, the complete words of the Contact Prayers.
Now, let me explain a few fine details about the Salat, the Contact Prayers.
One of the most important points is that there is a myth among the average Muslims
that a woman who has her period or menstruation cannot pray.
Now, this has to be from Satan because Satan is the one who does not want you, the Muslim
woman, to pray.
God did not say in the Quran at all “do not pray during menstruation.”
There is nothing in the Quran that says that.
Even the Hadith... we learn from Hadith that the prophet’s wives used to pray during
their menstruation.
One Hadith even says they put a bucket under one of his wives as she prayed.
Ridiculous as this may be, but it demonstrates that the Muslim woman should pray during her
menstruation.
If a Muslim woman does not pray, during menstruation, this means one week in the month without prayer,
and this is like 4 years every 10 years, 4 years without any
prayer, imagine that.
So, this will be a satanic innovation to stop the women from praying during menstruation.
So, please, menstruation or not, the Contact Prayer, the Salat prayer is the only worship
that must go on. There is absolutely no excuse for not doing the Contact Prayer.
Even God provides that you can pray walking, or riding in a car, or riding in a plane,
or in a bus, or even if a person is very sick, very ill, cannot move, that person can pray
with his or her eyelids, or even mentally.
If you are working in crowded place and you cannot find a place to pray, you can pray
at your desk sitting down just mentally going through the motions and the words.
So, there is absolutely no excuse for missing any Contact Prayer.
So, whether the person is ill, unable to move, or riding, trapped in a car or a bus or
a plane, or in a working place where there is no place available for prayer,
or during menstruation, or the after birth bleeding, any of these conditions cannot... nothing
stops your from performing, observing the Contact Prayers.
Another point that I wish to mention is the group prayer or the Jama’a.
In the Jama’a, one person leads the prayer and the rest of the group stand behind him,
behind the imam, and do exactly what he does. You do not have to recite Al-Fãtehah or the Quran
after the imam.
Remember, all that is required in the Contact Prayer is the Al-Fãtehah, the first Sura of Quran.
So, you just mentally follow the imam as he recites Al-Fãtehah during the Contact Prayer.
And then of course in Ruku', the bowing position, you say “Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem” as usual.
And in the Sujood or prostration, you say “Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa”, as usual.
So, you only listen to the imam when he recites Al-Fãtehah in the standing position.
If a person comes late, and finds the Jama’a, the group, already did one or two or three
Rak’as, units, you just – if you come late, you just join the group in whatever
position they are in, and then after they finish, when they say “Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum”,
the first one, you stand up and you complete the part that you missed.
So, this is how you make up for missing units, or missing Rak’as when you join a group.
What happens if you miss one of the prayers, one of the Contact Prayers?
You're supposed to do all five Contact Prayers during each one of the five periods, the Morning
Contact before sunrise, the Noon between around 12:00 and four (16:00), the Afternoon
between four (16:00) and sunset, the Sunset Contact immediately after sunset, and the
Night Prayer after all the twilight disappears from the horizon, about two hours after sunset.
Now what happens if you miss one of these prayers?
There is a myth that you can make it up or combine prayers and it is just an innovation.
You cannot make up missed prayer.
If you miss the Noon Prayer in any day, you just cannot bring yesterday back.
You missed it and it is too bad.
So, you just ask God for forgiveness, repent and promise God that you will never, to the
best of your ability, miss anymore prayers, and you just go on doing the prayers.
See, the idea of the Contact Prayer is to contact our creator within a certain period of every day.
And when you miss that, it is gone. You cannot bring it back, and you cannot make
it up, but you can ask forgives and repent.
And now the best way to describe the Contact Prayers to you is to demonstrate exactly how it is done.
So, now I will demonstrate for you the Morning Contact Prayer.
Do you remember the first thing you have to do in order to observe the Contact Prayers?
That’s right, the intention. You declare your intention, in Arabic “NIYYA.
So, since this is the morning prayer, I will make the intention for the Morning Contact Prayer,
in English then in Arabic.
Then, I will proceed with the prayer and you just watch everything I'm doing and this
is – this should be the correct way for observing the Contact Prayer.
So, here I am facing the direction of Mecca, and I'm going to make my intention.
I intend to do the Morning Contact Prayer, Nawaytu Salat Al-Subh.
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
And this completes the Morning Prayer. This is
the original contact Salat prayer as observed by the prophet Muhammad and it came to us
all the way from Abraham exactly this way.
And you notice in my prayer, I didn’t look around, I didn’t laugh, I was not distracted,
I concentrated on communicating with my creator.
And now I will do the Noon Prayer.
Now, the Noon Prayer, the Afternoon Prayer, and the Night Contact Prayer are all identical, exactly the same.
So, the intention for the Noon Prayer is “Nawaytu Salat Al-Zuhr.”
For the Asr, for the afternoon prayer “Nawaytu Salat Al-Asr.”
And for the night prayer “Nawaytu Salat Al-'Eshaa.”
So, what I’m going to demonstrate for you is 4 Rak’as
which is suitable for the Noon, Afternoon, and the Night Prayer.
So, here we go.
I face the direction of Mecca, and I make my intention according to whichever Contact
Prayer it is, and I start my prayer by opening with TAKBIR.
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
And this takes care of the 4 Rak’a prayers, the Noon, the Afternoon or the Night Prayer.
And now I will demonstrate for you the 3 Rak’as of Salat Al-Maghrib, the Sunset Prayer.
It is of course the same except you do only 3 Rak’as, 3 units, and here we go.
I intend to do the Sunset Contact Prayer, Nawayatu Salat Al-Maghrib.
Allahu Akbar Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum