Dr. Khalifa: Adding two verses to the Quran happened relatively after a few years after the prophet's death.
And therefore, the corruption of Islam happened only a few years after the prophet's death. I'd say about, about 38 years.
These two verses were added during the reign of the Khalifa Uthman, the third Khalifa.
And the addition of the two verses resulted in the assassination of Uthman,
the installation of Ali as the fourth Khalifa, the assassination of Ali, and 50 years of war
that ended up with the massacre of the prophet's family, except for the women and the children.
All this resulted from the two verses.
And from that time on until today, the Muslims were no longer Muslims.
The Muslims in Egypt or Iran or Turkey or Pakistan or India are not following the Quran.
There is not a single mosque in the Muslim world, so-called Muslim world, that upholds
the commandment in Sura 72, verse 18, that says "the mosque belongs to God, do not mention other names with God."
Therefore, those people did not deserve the Quran.
And this went on for the last 1400 years.
Now, there are people who uphold the Quran, the whole Quran, nothing but the Quran.
And there are mosques sprouting now where only the name of God is commemorated in the Azan, in the Prayer.
And these people deserve the true Quran.
And as I can tell you right now that the storm that is going to rise up because of the printing of this new Quran
will be by people who do not practice or uphold the Quran.
But the people who uphold the Quran, the whole Quran, and nothing but the Quran, the people who worship God alone, will be very happy with this new printing.
And these are the people who deserve the true Quran.
So, the Quran never had falsehood in it.
The true believers had the true Quran, and the false believers had a false Quran. You can do anything.
We have Qurans here that are printed wrong, and things are added to it, and the Suras rearranged,
but this does not negate the fact that God protected every single letter in the Quran.
We have every single letter.
We didn't lose a single letter.
So, God's promise is fulfilled, that He has perfectly preserved the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Now we go back to Kathy, unless you have any questions.
Kathy: Ok. And God mentioned too that only the believers, believers are able to touch the Quran.
Kathy: And you said that, you know, people...
Dr. Khalifa: In the last year or so, we're all aware of a lot of information that came to us, and it was very exciting.
It explains so many things in the Quran.
And I can remember with sorrow a few people that came in, maybe even traveling from distant places.
But because they argued, some people from Europe even.
They just argued, and they were anxious to voice opinions and so on, and they missed the whole thing.
And I felt sorry for that.
It's inefficiency in, in receiving the information that all of us, God wants us to know.
So, this is information, God is graciously sending it to all of us, and we're all sharing in it.
So, we just have to comply with certain etiquettes in order to benefit from this information.
So, unfortunately, this is... the people who need this the most are not here.
Ok. But, you know, this is why we're studying the Quran, so we can understand the wisdom, appreciate the wisdom of the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: So, let us finish this program first.
A man: We just...
Dr. Khalifa: This is continuously happening.
A man: It's a question of me taking control of myself.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: You can give up the control to your companion.
A woman: Yeah, that is (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Or you can take control of yourself.
The morning Prayer comes, and you want to do the morning Prayer, but your companion wants you to sleep.
So, see, choose who's the boss.
And the companion will always be in favor of sleeping.
Always.
It's a fight.
So, so, pull your body out of bed and do the Prayer.
Both of you lose when you sleep.
And this is why God tells us on the Day of Judgment, both, I mean, for the disbelievers,
they will fight with their companions.
"You made me sleep." "No, you're the one who didn't wanna get up."
On the other hand, for the believers, their companion will be very thankful.
Says "thank you because you talked me into worshiping God alone."
Because what you do is you convert Satan's ally into a believer.
Your companion.
Because we do convert our companions into believers.
Your companion eventually will cooperate with you and will wake you up in the morning to Pray.
Because he or she will want to Pray.
We're coming to Sura 72 and we will see that.
Dr. Khalifa: Apamea.
Apamea: Azar is asking the question.
Apamea: (unintelligible) Azar: Oh.
Dr. Khalifa: She's wanting to mention her name because Azar has three million questions.
She doesn't wanna ask them all, so distributes them to her friends.
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead, Azar. It's Ok. I know you have three million questions. Azar: No, I don't have anything.
A woman: Go ahead.
A woman (Speaking Farsi): (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: What did you say?
Dr. Khalifa: You don't have any questions? Azar: No.
Dr. Khalifa: You'll be a witness, Ismail. Azar: Not now, later.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, not right now. Apamea, what was the question?
Apamea: The question is that someone has a bad habit of, you know, whatever.
And then, you say "well, so and so has that bad habit or poor habit or whatever."
Apamea: Would that again be... Dr. Khalifa: Uh-huh. That's backbiting.
Apamea: Backbiting.
Apamea: So, you'll change the answer.
Dr. Khalifa: You let... let the people find out for themselves, you know.
She always pulls on her left ear, you know, for example.
Let them find out. You don't have to scandal... That's a scandal.
Whatever the bad habit is.
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Kathy and...
Dr. Khalifa: You know, now we're Muslims now.
Dr. Khalifa: But really the first step, it's not the end, it's the beginning.
A woman: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: After that, there's a lot of growth and a lot of cleansing and a lot of polishing and a lot of testing until we come out like a gem.
But don't worry, you're, you're all great. Alhamdu Lillah. You're the luckiest people on earth. There's no question about it.
All the signs are glaring and profound.
Dr. Khalifa: Alhamdu Lillah.
Kathy: ... strengthen us is to make us aware.
They are really grace from God.
Kathy: I know one of my sisters says she welcomes God's test, but God knows I won't say that.
Dr. Khalifa: We don't want it, do we?
We don't wanna deal with that.
We wanna pass from the first test.
Kathy: Alhamdu Lillah. But I know they are for our own good.
Dr. Khalifa: Before I forget, Kathy, let me go to the last verse again, 13 and 14.
A Muslim, in English, means submitter, okay?
It means one who does not argue with God.
A Muslim is one who says "okay, I'm gonna accept this, this book."
And then, he or she will read the Quran and certain things will not make sense to them.
Now, they can either submit and say "okay, I accept this", or they can argue again with God.
"What do you mean my life is recorded from birth to death?"
You know, "This doesn't make sense to me." Ok. This is a person who's arguing.
He's not even a submitter yet.
So, at first, we come into Islam and we say "we're gonna accept everything that God says."
Then, when something is in there that doesn't make sense to me, or I'm unable to understand at this time, I will accept it.
I will not argue with God.
Say "oh, okay, my life is recorded from birth to death."
Say "I submitted. I accepted that, even though before I decided to become a Muslim, I didn't, I wouldn't accept it. It would not make sense to me."
So, this is what a submitter is. But I still have doubt.
"My life is recorded from birth to death. Even 1995 is already recorded."
"Everything that I will do is already recorded on a videotape."
"So, I still have these doubts."
Now, how to attain certainty?
I want you to look with me, because this is very important.
Page 177, the last verse in Sura 15, tells us exactly how we reach that certainty, where there is no doubt whatsoever.
It says, [15:99] Worship your Lord, so that certainty will come to you.
If you don't believe me, ask John.
Wait, I'm gonna explain, John. It's okay, be patient.
[15:99] Worship your Lord, so that certainty will come to you.
So, you come to the decision "I'm going to submit to God. I'm gonna accept this book, and everything in it."
What this means, you're going to worship God. You're gonna do the five Prayers a day.
Because through this practice, through worshiping God, God will show you that He controls the universe,
that He runs the world, and that you better stay with Him.
You miss a Prayer, because you're doing the five Prayers now, you miss a Prayer and get a ticket, I mean within, immediately.
You miss a Prayer and you get a pinch.
You wanna elaborate, John? Take over.
[15:99] Worship your Lord, so that you attain certainty.*
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: When I got here, my brain needed washing.
One of the things that I'm curious about, though, a couple of Ayats prior to that, it says
"we will also send down retribution upon dividers who accept the Quran only partially."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Am I to understand that as meaning that until I'm at the point where I fully submit Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: and believe everything, then essentially I'm still destined for Hell. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: That's the beginning.
A man: But it is a beginning.
Dr. Khalifa: Then, you've made the first step. That's the first step.
A man: That's the first step.
Dr. Khalifa: But there is a mechanism, see? The mechanism is here, in this very short verse, 99 of Sura 15.
[15:99] Worship your Lord, so that certainty will come to you.
And I'm telling you, when you reach certainty, watch out.
You're gonna see miracles every day.
In Sura 2, God says [2:118] ... We do manifest the miracles for those who have attained certainty.
When you reach the point of certainty, where it doesn't make any difference in the world what happens,
you've already, you've reached that certainty.
So, if you see anything, it will not increase or decrease your faith in God. Then, God does show you the miracles.
So, the mechanism, you fast the month of Ramadan, and you see the rewards immediately.
You break the fasting in one day, and you get a pinch immediately.
Then after that, you say "Wow! God runs the world. How did He know that I missed the Noon Prayer?", for example.
I mean, you will come to the realization that you are an important person, that you're not hiding in the crowd from God, you know.
"You mean, God will pay attention to me?"
Yes, He will.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the worshiping God will...
A man: When you were saying those verses, that's Gatut's lipstick.
A man: Look at the number at the bottom, please.
Dr. Khalifa: Gatut uses lipstick? Let's see about that.
Dr. Khalifa: It's also red, folks.
A man: Yeah, when you were saying the signs for the believers, look at this chopstick at the bottom.
Dr. Khalifa: 1938.
Dr. Khalifa: 1938.
Dr. Khalifa: Let's talk about the lipstick.
Parivash: And this, and this Ayat, you taught, 99?
Parivash: 99 and 15 is 114. Allahu Akbar Dr. Khalifa: 15... 114. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 15, and the importance, Parivash pointed out. The importance of this verse
is reflected in the fact that it's Sura 15, verse 99, which is 114.
We know now that every verse is placed in a particular place, with a particular number,
according to a very, a divine system, a very elaborate system.
[15:99] Worship your Lord, in order to attain certainty.*
So, this is the way. If you do not worship God, if you do not do the five prayers a day, if you do not fast the month of Ramadan, Muhtashem,
if you do not Pray five times a day, and if you don't fast the month of Ramadan, and if you do not give the Zakat...
you know, I think we're getting lax again with our Zakat. Maybe, I am. I don't know about you.
But there is a verse in Quran that says "My Mercy encompasses all things. I will restrict it for those who are righteous and give the Zakat."
2.5 percent every time you receive money, net income, you must give away.
So, these are the things that we must do to attain certainty.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a very effective, sure way of attaining certainty.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: Can you (unintelligible) the Zakat, you know you should pull it out of your paycheck (unintelligible) single time.
Dr. Khalifa: You have to give the Zakat on the day of harvest, the day you receive money.
You plan your Zakat in advance, because you know when you're gonna get your money.
Dr. Khalifa: You already arrange in your mind who's gonna get your Zakat and how you're gonna do it.
A woman: Well, I mean...
Dr. Khalifa: This is... But just like in the five Prayers, you say "I'm gonna pray the Afternoon at 3 o'clock", you do the same thing with the Zakat.
A woman: Can we check the Zakat out and you know like, set it aside...
Dr. Khalifa: You must give the zakat on the day of harvest.
The day you receive your money, you take out 2.5 percent, no matter how small, and give it to the person that's designated for it.
This is what the Quran says, Sura 6, verse 141, says "Give the Zakat on the day of harvest."
So, if you wanna do something else, I don't wanna be blamed for it.
I'm gonna tell you only what the Quran is saying.
Dr. Khalifa: Babak.
Babak: Doesn't the IRS (Internal Revenue Service) take something out already?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes, this is why I said net income, Babak.
Your net income.
Dr. Khalifa: So, you remove the IRS'...
A woman: Rashad, there was... when we first talked about this, you said that for some of us it might be, I don't know, $1.50 or 2 dollars and 50 cents, Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: and that's not really gonna help someone, so we could wait for 2 weeks or 3 weeks and make it 10 dollars which would be more helpful.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, if you wanna comply with the Quran perfectly, which is I know you wanna do, I would do it in advance then.
So, I will not be lax.
A woman: Pay it upfront. Dr. Khalifa: In other words, if you take income, if you take income and put it in your pocket, and you don't have the Zakat out, apparently it is a gross, it's a gross crime.
Dr. Khalifa: So, I would say, if you wanna save up four times, for example, A woman: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: 2.5 would be 10 dollars, and I would give away 10 dollars. A woman: 2.5. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's so small, we shouldn't bicker over it, in other words. A woman: Right.
A woman: Well, I, I, The reason I ask is because when you first told me that... Dr. Khalifa: So, if you want...
Dr. Khalifa: I'm, I'm not saying you're bickering. But I'm just saying. A woman: No, but you
A woman: you yourself said, you know, 2 dollars isn't gonna help a family that needs fruits, that needs food. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: And you said maybe you should send and...
A woman: You're not changing that. You're saying you should do that, but plan it ahead of time, plan it ahead of time. Dr. Khalifa: I would do it in advance, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't think 20 dollars would crimp your budget too much. A woman: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: So, I would give it in advance just to be careful.
If you wanna give more... Remember the 2.5 percent is a minimum.
Dr. Khalifa: Martha.
Martha: (unintelligible) any more than doing it the other way. Because it says "do it on the day of the harvest." Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Martha: Doing it in advance is just as much not defying as saving it up in advance.
Dr. Khalifa: But 2.5... because 2.5 percent is a minimum. Zero is below the minimum.
So, if you wanna volunteer and give more, and give 50 percent, that's fine. That's your prerogative.
Depends on how much you are making.
If you're making a million dollars, you give away 50 percent, it will not affect you.
But if you make 10 dollars, it will affect you to give 50 percent. So, 2.5 percent is the minimum.
And this is where I'm coming from.
Besides, you're the one who said that. You wanna give a big amount. You don't wannna give a small amount.
So, that's your problem. You created the problem.
I mean, yes. I mean, I'm saying if you wanna give in advance, if you wanna give a big lump sum, that's fine.
Dr. Khalifa: The 2.5 percent is a minimum.
A woman: Yeah, I guess (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the Quran is very clear. And I'm just gonna repeat what the Quran says.
Kathy, you wanna finish? You have two minutes.
Kathy: Okay.
Kathy: I was going to say that we have to believe in.
We should support each other.
Be good to one another.
We're supposed to treat each other nicely.
And by us being here, we are not doing anybody a favor.
The only reason we are here is from the Grace of God.
So, from Allah.
He is the Lord of all secrets in the heaven and the earth.
And He is our teacher and our God.
I was handed this piece of paper to read.
It's about Jim Bishop.
And I don't like what he's saying. It's the truth.
Kathy: I don't like it. And if someone else wants to read it, I don't.
Dr. Khalifa: What's, where did you get that?
A woman: This is something that we read in our meeting.
It's, it's very interesting. It's talking about proving God.
But it's very interesting. We enjoyed it and I wanted to share it with you.
It's from Reader's Digest.
Dr. Khalifa: It just says that there is lots of science in the world about God. A woman: The science of God. That's right.
Dr. Khalifa: And it doesn't make sense that you say "there is no God."
A woman: No, no, no, it doesn't say "there is no God."
Dr. Khalifa: I said "it doesn't make sense to say there is no God."
A woman: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: What's in the Quran is you don't need anything with the, with the Quran.
It's beautiful. I like it.
Okay, thanks Kathy. Good job.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: Good job.
Kathy: I would like to say I really was unprepared and...
Dr. Khalifa: Wow.
Kathy: I pray to God...
Dr. Khalifa: Distorted but documented.
And you can see in the classic, some of the oldest books, Ali refused to leave his house.
So, they went to him and they said "what happened? Why are you staying home? We don't see you."
He said "I vowed that I will not put on my street clothes except for the Prayer until the Quran is restored."
Well, he said, specifically said "something has been added to the Quran."
Dr. Khalifa: So, I think I have the translation here.
A man: Yes, you have it. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Ali was asked "why, why are you staying home?"
He said "something has been added to the Quran and I have pledged never to put on my street clothes except for the Prayer until the Quran is restored."
Dr. Khalifa: So, let us pray the Noon then come back...
Dr. Khalifa: They're doing exactly the same thing. This reminds...
Dr. Khalifa: ... that I have, I have heard about Shia literature that said this clearly. Maybe, Parivash knows.
Dr. Khalifa: that Ali said that the Quran that we have today is not the same that Muhammad wrote down. Parivash: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I think it's like this, along this line. I've heard it many, many times.
A man: I was talking to... Dr. Khalifa: And of course,... Yeah. Go ahead, please.
A man: ...her mother. She's also from a Shia background.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: And she was also saying that, that...
Dr. Khalifa: Right. I've heard it a lot, you know, and of course...
You know, we dismiss this as Shia fanaticism or something, but it happens to be true.
And to see it in Sunni literature, it is confirmed. That's why I'm using Sunni literature here.
Because it will... they cannot say "oh, this is Shia, prejudiced or Ali." They cannot say that.
Dr. Khalifa: It's the truth.
A man: Since you're talking about this topic, if I can ask...
A man: Again, it comes back to, you know, Ali.
A man: And I think that is probably a Hadith that the prophet Muhammad wanted him to take over after his death.
A man: Is that Hadith? Dr. Khalifa: No, the prophet didn't decide anything at all.
Dr. Khalifa: They know God will decide everything. And the Quran set the principle already in Sura 42.
It says (42:38) أَمْرُهُمْ شُورَىٰ بَيْنَهُمْ
That their affairs are decided by consultation among them.
And, of course, Ali was one of them. And Ali himself agreed that Abu Bakr would follow Muhammad.
And Omar will follow Abu Bakr. And Uthman would follow Omar.
Because the concept of Shura (شُورَىٰ) in Islam is the best political concept anywhere in the world.
So, let us say here in our group, we wanted to drink coffee.
Let's say this is an important principle.
We want to drink coffee now.
So, we said "okay, anybody who wants to drink coffee, raise your hands."
So, 10 of us will raise our hands and 4 will not.
So then, we, then we convince the 4.
In other words, we will not force this idea on the 4, the minority.
Like, like the political circumstances, the political systems here or anywhere else.
We will talk to the 4 and say "if you have coffee now, then we will all sit down and we will drink the coffee together.
"So, there will be no disruption in a half hour when you want your coffee."
And they say "but, you know, we really don't feel like it now."
And we'll keep discussing it back and forth until they are convinced.
Then, unanimously, we will all agree that we should have our coffee now.
So, this is the Islamic political system.
(42:38) أَمْرُهُمْ شُورَىٰ بَيْنَهُمْ
Maybe, they are right, you know. Maybe, they are a minority. They are 4. But maybe, they are right.
Maybe, we should not have our coffee now.
Then, they will convince us.
And we'll end up all of us agreeing that we will not have our coffee now.
Maybe, there's only one, a minority of one. And maybe, he or she is right.
Then, we discuss the matter with this one person until he or she convinces us or we convince him or her.
That's the political system. So, obviously, Ali was in full agreement that Abu Bakr would be the first to follow the prophet and then Omar and then Uthman.
Dr. Khalifa: And... But when Uthman violated the Quran, I don't know if Ali had anything to do with it or not, but Uthman was assassinated as we're gonna read all here.
A man: So, maybe, they used this confrontation to introduce these differences. Right? And Ali rejected that.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, yeah, Ali would not go along. This is why they had war.
A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, in that case, there was no agreement. There was war. There was division.
And this is something he will not compromise. If you're only one, you'll be the one who's correct.
If you all decided here to worship a statue and one of us says "no, we're gonna worship God alone",
that person knows. That person will be in the light and there is no way you're gonna convince him or her that we should worship the golden calf, for example.
Dr. Khalifa: That person will never go along. And there'll be division, war.
A woman: But maybe that person cannot convince all. Dr. Khalifa: That's what happened.
Dr. Khalifa: Right? A man: But still, he's right.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Still, he's right and there will be division because there is no way. He will not compromise.
He will not compromise this belief under any circumstances.
And this is why Ali gave his life and Hussein and all his family.
They gave their life for that because there was no consensus. There was no unanimous agreement.
And it's the kind of principle that you cannot fool around with, you know.
The Quran is the word of God. We cannot play around with it.
And this was firm in their minds.
Dr. Khalifa: So let's read on. This will probably be explained a little later.
A man: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: We are the first generation.
Dr. Khalifa: We are the first generation of Muslims who will have the true Quran, the pure Quran.
A woman: Alhamdu Lillah.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is how important this historical event is.
Now, people wonder and they say, which is not very intelligent on their part because they didn't think about it.
They wonder "How did God, why did God leave the Quran, you know, not the true Quran, for 1400 years? Look at all those people."
Okay, when you just take a paper and pencil and calculate the number of people,
you realize that between now and the end of the world, the people who will have the true Quran
are 15 times as many as the people from the beginning of the world, from Adam until now.
15 times as many.
So, really the majority of the people will have the true Quran.
But you know, people don't think of it this way.
So, it is estimated that by the end of the world, which is decided in the Quran as the year 2280, there will have been 75 billion human beings.
And up until now, we had only 5 billion or 6 billion. Between 5 and 6.
So, that's... So, from now until the end of the world, there will be 15 times as many people as all the people who existed from Adam, not from Muhammad.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. So, it is not, it's the way they're imagining...
A woman: (unintelligible) mathematical stuff (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: That's right. That's right.
A woman: (unintelligible) about the, about this, the truth in the Quran.
A woman: They would have been, they would have distorted it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: By the way, they could never get it. (unintelligible). Alhamdu Lillah.
A woman: So, most of the (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: I don't think so.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Of course (unintelligible), but the majority of people are not believers. A woman: So,...
A man: (unintelligible) A woman: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, the... Yeah, almost all of them are going to Hell, in the past.
The Quran says that.
Dr. Khalifa: And, you see, initially, we agreed with Satan. Initially, we are bad to start with.
Dr. Khalifa: The word Elah (إِلَٰهً) which is god with small g. The word Rabb (رب) which is...
Dr. Khalifa: People say "how come all these people in the past did not have the true Quran?"
So, I just want to remind you that it's a matter of statistics.
That the number of people from the first of, from Adam until now, are only one 15th of the number of people
in the world from now until the end of the world.
So, the majority of the people on earth are gonna have the true Quran, because of the population.
It's a very simple statistic.
So, the majority of the people on earth are to be born yet.
15 times. We have on earth right now 5 billion people.
And from now until the end of the world, we'll have 75 billion people.
From the time of Adam until now, we had only about 6 billion people, no more than 6 billion people.
Dr. Khalifa: This is from the time of Adam, not from the time of the Quran revelation.
A man: Is it a powerful statistic?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And it's very, it's just as, as powerful as mathematics. Yes.
So, all of these are not anybody's opinions.
You know, Mahmoud didn't come and say "in my opinion, if you add this and this, you have this number." It's a fact.
These are all physical facts.
We're not, we're not saying "in our opinion, these two verses don't belong there."
Dr. Khalifa: The physical facts exclude these two verses.
A woman: But it's good that these two verses are in the Quran, because it shows more of the miracle.
Dr. Khalifa: There you go.
A woman: We have to thank those that...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. We're gonna issue a special thanks note to the falsifiers.
Dr. Khalifa: And then, we tell them "Go to Hell."
Dr. Khalifa: Okay Azar. "What can we say?"
Azar: The overwhelming all the physical, tangible evidence provided by the Almighty to protect and authenticate His message leaves no doubt whatsoever that: (1) no distortion of any kind can enter the Quran,
(2) Cause verses 9:128-129 do not belong in the Quran, and (3) every element in the Quran is mathematically structured far beyond human capabilities— the number of Suras, the number of verses,
the numbers assigned to the Suras and verses, the frequency of occurrence of key expressions, the number of words, the number of letters, and the unique and often uncommon spelling of certain words.
Footnote 9:127 documents a profound miracle in its own right. Vast and utterly overwhelming as it is, it does not surpass or even equals to the overall mathematical miracle of the Quran as detailed in Appendix One.
Azar: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. For anybody who does not uphold the commandments of God.
Azar: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: ...10 through 67 of the physical evidence were discovered by brothers Abdullah Arik and Mahmoud Ali Abib of Masjid Tucson.
So, when you read in the Quran, that if you uphold the commandments,
you're gonna be, you're gonna have perfect health, perfect wealth, perfect happiness,
and your children will be in the hand of God, you know that this is a fact.
Because it's mathematically coded.
Because it's from the, from Malik Al-Mulk (مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ).
It says
(3:26) قُلِ ٱللَّهُمَّ مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ [3:26] Say, "Our god: possessor of all kingship.
(3:26) تُؤْتِى ٱلْمُلْكَ مَن تَشَآءُ وَتَنزِعُ ٱلْمُلْكَ مِمَّن تَشَآءُ You give kingship to anyone You will, and remove it from anyone You will.
(3:26) وَتُعِزُّ مَن تَشَآءُ You humiliate... You give dignity to whomever You will
(3:26) وَتُذِلُّ مَن تَشَآءُ And humiliate whomever You will.
God is the only One who provides dignity, health, wealth, anything.
And when He says "I'm gonna give it to you when you uphold the commandments", you know it is true.
Alhamdu Lillah.
So, let us read Al-Fãtehah just to praise God, to say, Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (ٱلْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ رَبِّ ٱلْعَـٰلَمِينَ) after this great miracle here.
And then, we'll Pray the Noon. Al-Fãtehah.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
And while we are at this high point, spiritually, Alhamdu Lillah, God loves to see us pray to Him.
So, let us have a special prayer to Him for Zari's son, Zari Ibrahimi.
Dr. Khalifa: Her son is...What's his name?
Zari: Navid.
Dr. Khalifa: Navid.
Dr. Khalifa: Is there some problem? He had a nervous...
Dr. Khalifa: ... God and what God is saying, and the word of God alone. Nothing else.
Yeah. Gog and Magog will appear in 22.. in the year 1700, which is 2270.
Dr. Khalifa: This is according to the Quran.
A woman: 10 years before the... Dr. Khalifa: 10 years
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, before the end of the world.
Dr. Khalifa: They are the last sign before the end of the world.
A woman: What are they? What is Gog and Magog?
Dr. Khalifa: Well, God knows what the world will be like then. Probably, two nations or USA, USSR, maybe.
Sounds like Gog and Magog. USA, USSR.
Yeah. So, that's a possibility.
It doesn't really matter because we will not be there. Our bodies will not be there.
We will be there. Our bodies will not.
So, that's Gog and Magog.
Dr. Khalifa: It's the last sign before the end of the world. In Sura, in Sura 48, I think.
A woman: How many of them have happened so far, just the miracles, like the mathematical code in the Quran?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, all of them happened except the Smoke and Gog and Magog.
Dr. Khalifa: The moon is really split. You wanna see a piece of the moon?
A woman: No. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I can come and show you a piece of the moon, today. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman (Speaking Farsi): When they went to the moon and they brought back stones...
Dr. Khalifa: No, we can go. There's a place here called Flandrau Observatory and they have a piece of the moon there. You can look at it.
So, the moon is up there and a piece of the moon is here.
Dr. Khalifa: This is, this is splitting of the moon.
A woman: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: It's serious.
A woman: Yes. Ok.
A man: There are pieces of the moon.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yeah. They are all over, all over the world, there are pieces of the moon.
Dr. Khalifa: Right here we have it. Yeah.
A man: That's what it means, splitting of the moon that pieces of the moon...
Dr. Khalifa: Look, one night of sleep.
And the Quran gives us two, two examples of that.
The fellow who died for a hundred years, who died for a hundred years, and the people of the cave who were put to sleep for 309 years.
And when they got up, they said "we were here for one night."
Both of them.
They said "okay, let's send one of us with this money to buy us some food."
So, they got the money and they said "hey, this is George Washington. He's been dead for many years."
The money didn't work.
They laughed at them.
I mean, so realistically that they were there for one night.
That they went with this money.
Imagine somebody with a George Washington dollar going to buy, at Safeway, to buy some food.
It also shows the world didn't change much in those days.
They went for hundreds of years without any changes.
But if you were dead for the last 200 years and you got up now, boy, are you gonna be shocked.
Dr. Khalifa: There's TV and cars and planes and submarines.
A man: The last 10 years. A man: Last 10 years.
Dr. Khalifa: Really. The VCRs, telephone.
Dr. Khalifa: "What is this?" A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: And in terms of this social... A man: You want some yogurt?
A woman: Yogurt, yeah, right.
A woman: In terms of the social part of the worshipping of God alone, some of the things that believers used to practice during their Muhammadan involvement is this Aqiqah.
A woman: What is this? I mean, is this done? Or how is a new baby...
Dr. Khalifa: Just it's a superstition.
A woman: It is a superstition.
A woman: It is a, it's a question. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, in fact, it's something called the Aqiqah.
Aqiqah.
No Aqiq.
They shave the baby's head and read the Azan in one ear.
Dr. Khalifa: And they slaughter a sheep. A woman: Yes.
A woman: It's a superstition.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Jewish and Christians have something similar.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, baptism and things like that.
A man: Alhamdu Lillah, they do it in Iran.
Parivash: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, they do it. Parivash: My mother, my mother...
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: It's common in Iran and Pakistan. Pakistan, especially.
Dr. Khalifa: Pakistan and India.
A man: I've never seen it in Iran.
Parivash: My mother-in-law did it for all the children, you know. "It's very necessary."
Parivash: And the parents, they don't have to eat from here.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm happy. A woman: So,
A woman: So, therefore, when a baby is born and you can be happy that it's born or whatever. Dr. Khalifa: That's right.
A woman: There is no right for...
Dr. Khalifa: Do anything you want as long as you don't think it's religion.
Parivash: Then, make it law. A woman: Yeah, yeah.
A woman: Then, make it law.
A woman: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: There's so much junk that we inherited.
A woman: This is part of... Dr. Khalifa: We wanna clean it out. See?
A woman: This is part of the process.
A woman: I find that there were so many little intricacies that we inculcated within our minds.
A woman: And now with the worship of God alone, these things, they worm their way out.
A woman: And you're like, "where did you come from? I don't remember you."
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman: "Where did I get you from?" And here is something standing right in your face. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: And it's like, "what do we do now?" you know.
And it's "Allah, please forgive us."
A woman: And it, it makes us understand so clearly that we were idol worshipping (unintelligible).
A woman: That's right.
A woman: It really and truly does.
A woman: And God's Mercy upon us of having actually brought us out of this to this point. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Because He didn't have to.
A woman: I mean, the amount of things that we did against Allah and Allah having brought us to this point. Yes! He is Merciful.
A woman: I mean, here Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And we are very lucky. A woman: We (unintelligible) serious (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: We're very fortunate.
A woman: We are now. Alhamdu Lillah.
A woman: And we are free now. Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh.
A woman: Yes. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. I mean, we take it for granted that Mehdi led the Prayer.
There was not a name mentioned in the Prayer except the name of God, our creator.
There was no Shirk, which is... it's a commandment in the Quran.
(72:18) وَأَنَّ ٱلْمَسَـٰجِدَ لِلَّهِ فَلَا تَدْعُوا۟ مَعَ ٱللَّهِ أَحَدًۭا
Dr. Khalifa: It's so clear.
Parivash: It's so clear.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't know why they resist that.
Why mention Muhammad, Ibrahim, Ali, and 'Ale (family of) Muhammad, 'Ale (family of) Ibrahim.
Dr. Khalifa: And Hussein and Fatima. In Sujud, they were doing this.
Parivash: Yes. اللَّهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى مُحَمَّد
Dr. Khalifa: In Sujud, I was, I was shocked, you know, because the Shia group used to meet here. And I would Pray with them.
And I was making Sujud and the fellow next to me said "Hussein and Hasan and Ali."
I said "My God, in Sujud?"
And this is what kind of shocked me.
So, we're really blessed to... We take it for granted now that we do the Prayer and there is no name except the name of God.
God is the One who created you. God is the One who provides for you. God is the One who decides, controls your life.
God is the One who resurrects you.
God is the One who puts you in Heaven or Hell.
I take it back. God is the One who's gonna put you in Heaven and we put ourselves in Hell.
But, So, why, why have anything to do with powerless creatures?
A woman: Yeah, in Iran, we had so many things to do with Muhammad.
We had to wear the Chador and cry for Hussein, Hasan, Ali.
A woman: And if we didn't, we were not good person.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. And if you don't cry enough, you beat yourself until you cry.
I mean, they had to die.
Everybody dies. They didn't die one second too early or one second too late.
In fact, we should be happy for them because they were martyred.
Dr. Khalifa: We know now that Ali and Hussein and their family died for the two verses of the Quran, these two verses to restore the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: That's... A man: That is just hurting me.
Dr. Khalifa: That's really dying in the cause of God.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
A man: Iranians are just hurting. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. They're 1400 years behind.
A woman: I have a (unintelligible) resurrected this body.
Dr. Khalifa: I think I told you this before. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: Pardon?
Dr. Khalifa: I think I told you this before.
A woman: No, you said...
Dr. Khalifa: But I wanna tell you. Don't forget it. It's the video tape.
Dr. Khalifa: Not your... in other words, here's a thief, a thief stealing something.
Okay?
And this is, God is telling us, this is recorded in video tape.
So, on the Day of Resurrection, he will deny that I stole anything. He'll say "oh, I never stole anything."
So they'll say "okay, play the tape." They'll play the tape and there's a picture of him stealing something in the video.
Dr. Khalifa: So, his hand is speaking without saying anything.
A woman: So, it's not this body.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why God invented the VCRs.
No, it's not this body.
We will not have this body at all.
We'll have a different body.
But it's the video tape.
You know, in the Sura 17, it says "everybody will have his video tape hanging in his neck."
Dr. Khalifa: And it says "you find out why you're in that position."
A woman: How about the fingerprint that you read,
A woman: God Almighty said that I will make finger, fingerprint. Dr. Khalifa: No, not "I will." "I can."
A woman: "I can."
Dr. Khalifa: Not "I will." "I can." Yes.
There's a difference there.
(75:4) بَلَىٰ قَـٰدِرِينَ عَلَىٰٓ أَن نُّسَوِّىَ بَنَانَهُۥ
Qadereen (قَـٰدِرِينَ) means "able."
Dr. Khalifa: "can" not "will." Yeah.
Parivash: And Rashad you said it, you said "Quran says to the people who, who, have..."
Parivash (Speaking Farsi): The one who takes it with the one who gives it... Dr. Khalifa: Take it.
Dr. Khalifa: You can take usury. Parivash: two of...take, not that people who give. Dr. Khalfia: Give it.
A man: If you have to give it, it's not a sin.
Dr. Khalifa: You have to give it to the victim.
Parivash: The victim has a sin if...? Dr. Khalifa: No.
Parivash: No. Dr. Khalifa: They are victim.
Parivash (Speaking Farsi): The only person (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: In usury, the definition of usury is there is a victim. A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Wherever there's a victim, there is a sin. Ok. This is the general law.
If you think of all the sins, there is a, there is a victim.
If there's no victim, generally, if there's no victim, there is no sin.
So in usury, there is a victim. Somebody's taken advantage of.
They arrest you and they say "you can't leave this place unless you pay 1000 dollar bond."
So, I go to you and say "I'll give you 1000 dollars but you pay me back 1500 or 2000."
You say "yes, yes, please, get me out of here." So, I'm taking advantage of your misfortune.
And you're forced to, because you don't wanna go and be a captive. So, there's a victim.
But when you go put your money in the bank and they give you interest, the bank is happy, you're happy. And that is not usury.
Dr. Khalifa: You take your money and they invest it and make more money and they give you a part of it. That's what they're doing.
A man: So, all these CDs (Certificate of Deposit) and all these things, what happens? Dr. Khalifa: They're perfectly alright.
There are some people who cannot... I realized this one. They're so old people, who they don't have the energy
or the knowledge to go and invest their money in the market. So, what they're doing, they give it to, put it in a CD.
And the Servants Association or the bank, they go and invest the money, they have the energy, the employees, the knowledge,
Dr. Khalifa: and they go invest the money and make 20 dollars and give the guy 10 dollars and keep 10 for themselves.
A man: But the banks are causing (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: How?
A man: How? Citibank
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: charges 20 percent interest on the Visa and all other cards.
Dr. Khalifa: No, but you don't have to use your Visa card. Do you have to use your Visa card?
A man: Do I have to? Some people do. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: No, they don't.
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: I mean, you don't have to do anything. You don't have to eat, if you want to, but there are a lot of people who use these cards and get in a lot of trouble.
Dr. Khalifa: No, they abuse those cards. That's a (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: I tell them "tear them up."
A man: On the same line, we were discussing about the, like, the situation in Iran, that
right now, because a lot of people are desperate to get out or maybe do something or maybe they're sick and trying to go to the hospital.
Because they need, they need dollars.
And a lot of people, I think, take advantage. They have millions of dollars here, so they spend 100 dollars there to get hundreds of thousands of their money.
I thought that if you're doing it for profit, if you have to go there and need to exchange
and then you give 100 dollars to get 10,000 dollars, it might be okay.
A man: But if you're doing it to make a profit of their misfortune, I thought it probably would be sinful.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Anytime you're taking advantage of a situation in an unfair manner.
Dr. Khalifa: And the Quran talks about earning illicitly, a lot.
A man: Surely, there are people here who have dollars, they would, they wait.
Normally, in Rial, it's about 7 Toman is 1 dollar.
Now, it's something like 100 or 150.
So, those people who have dollars here, they just spend it there because they know eventually it's will change.
So, that's... I think, but if, like, Azar wants to go to Iran, she needs the Iranian money, so it's okay to exchange it
A man: to whatever the market bears and gets the money going there.
Dr. Khalifa: But this is actually the value of the Iranian Dinar, is it or Rial?
A woman: Rial Dr. Khalifa: Rial.
Dr. Khalifa: In Egypt, the same thing. It's... So, there's inflation in those countries and their monies are not worth anything.
Dr. Khalifa: That probably is a fair rate of exchange.
A man: But, basically, people are mutilated. A lot of people are mutilated. They are taking the advantage. Dr. Khalifa: Sure.
A man: Like (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: A very famous scholar, with lots and lots of books, who died about 200 years ago.
So, I said "how did that happen?"
He said "My wife was very ill one time, and I was sitting next to her one time, and then all of a sudden, she was speaking perfect Arabic.
So, I said "What is this? Who are you?"
And she said "I'm Jamal al-Din al-Afghani."
He said "oh, yeah?"
So, he asked questions on religion.
He said "okay, what is the meaning of Alif-Laam Meem?"
And sure enough, this jinn of Jamal al-Din al-Afghani told him his views of Alif Laam Meem, which are written in books anyway.
So in fact, he was giving a Khutba on this when I asked him about why did you say this.
So, he believed that Jamal al-Din al-Afghani, his soul was coming through his wife.
And I told him "Of course, the Quran says 'the soul is gone', and so this must be the jinn of Jamal al-Din al-Afghani."
So, he ask "are you Jamal al-Din al-Afghani or his jinn, his companion?"
Dr. Khalifa: And they usually tell the truth. They don't lie. A woman: That's right.
Dr. Khalifa: And sure enough, he asked and they said "yeah, I'm his companion."
A woman: So, when we die...
Dr. Khalifa: So, he was teaching him these Khutbas regularly.
So, like the artists that Mehri is talking about, I believe it because of this scholar
who, whose jinn came to the wife of, and here in Tempe, out of all places, Tempe, Arizona.
It's a, it's a little suburb of Phoenix.
And was teaching him exactly the same views as Jamal al-Din al-Afghani, because your jinn is identical to you.
Dr. Khalifa: The other Azhar Khan is just a good accountant as you are.
Azhar Khan: With the same knowledge and all that.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly, identical. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: He knows your parents, your schoolmates, your, your accounting techniques, managerial skills.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Azhar Khan: He's not a CPI.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And Sahrukh's jinn is probably a great singer. A man: You can blame him...
A man: You can blame him when he did something wrong.
A woman: But when we die, what happens to our jinn?
A woman: They don't have anything to our new system.
A woman: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Oh, that's what you think.
A woman: It's just, you know.
Dr. Khalifa: Are you kidding? They can travel throughout this universe at speeds much greater than the speed of light.
I mean, they'll be silly to stay and stick around this little planet Earth.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
A woman: They don't have anybody to deceive, I mean.
Dr. Khalifa: They have themselves, and they deceive a lot of humans, also.
A woman: Oh.
A man: Can they interfere with somebody else's jinn?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. They make a pact, you know.
Because your jinn is trapped like you are, in your body.
Dr. Khalifa: It is, oh, everything about the jinns is very clear in the Quran. It's very clear.
A man: Actually, Quran is the only religious book that talks about other creatures besides God.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, the Bible talks about them.
A man: Angels.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, as well as demons.
Dr. Khalifa: That's in the Gospels.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible), you wanna go in a corner Pray?
A man: I mean, this record sometimes, just Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Ok.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Let's, let's put it in practical terms.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Let's put it in practical terms. Where will you go?
A man: I don't know. There's a lot of villages and towns throughout the world.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, just pick out a place. A man: (unintelligible)
A man: Iran, there's 10 people living in a city and...
Dr. Khalifa: Alright, let's go. You went to a village in Iran.
A man: Take a room, and then...
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, and you sat in this room. A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Fine. A man: 1000 dollars and live for the rest of my life.
Dr. Khalifa: Very good. Okay, let's put it practically, okay?
Let's, let's pick out a village in Iran that has 100 people, and you found the room, right?
You went in that room, and you sat there at Fajr, and you read the Quran, and you Prayed the Morning.
Okay? Then, comes breakfast.
Dr. Khalifa: How will you eat breakfast?
A man: You go out, buy a little bread and butter, and sit down and...
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, you go out and buy some bread and butter, eat them, come back to the room, read the Quran and worship God, Pray the Noon, and then, comes lunch.
A man: Same thing.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, then, you run out of money. Then, and then next, two months later, you don't have any money, and you're sitting there worshiping in that room.
A man: Well, it's...
Dr. Khalifa: And you become hungry.
A man: Even if you don't have money, you can go dig a hole for somebody, just get a couple of dollars, and then go buy your bread. Dr. Khalifa: Oh, there you go.
Dr. Khalifa: There you go. Now, you're doing something.
Dr. Khalifa: Hold it now.
A man: Just basically to survive and...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes, absolutely, absolutely. Fine, fine.
A man: Doing the minimum. Dr. Khalifa: Okay, so now you're out of money.
Dr. Khalifa: Right, now you're out of money, and you are praying, and reading Quran, and sitting in your room, and you become hungry.
You decide to go and look for, to dig a ditch.
So, you go to somebody and say "do you have a job for me?"
He says "yeah, go dig this ditch here."
You dig the ditch, it gives you 10 Rials.
Then, you go buy some food, and you go back to your room.
Okay, you did some work. You dug the ditch.
Dr. Khalifa: How many hours? Three hours?
A man: One hour.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, and you got 10 Rials.
The 10 Rials are barely enough for a meal.
You spent your 10 Rials, got a meal, went back to your room, read Quran, and then, you're hungry.
Dr. Khalifa: Dinner. Then, what do you do?
A man: What?
A woman: But if you're only, only performing acts of worship, doesn't God promise that you will survive, you don't have to worry?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, but you see, God created a system.
Because that guy out there needs a ditch to be dug.
God created a system for the world to go on.
So, who's gonna dig that ditch? And God wrote in the Quran, He says "He created you in different grades."
In other words, if everybody is a millionaire, 10 million dollars, everybody has a million dollars. Everybody on earth has ten million dollars.
And your faucet breaks, your toilet breaks down. Who's gonna fix it?
Dr. Khalifa: You're going to a guy with ten million dollars and say "come and fix my toilet"?
A man: It is happening in Saudi Arabia. I think you can't fix it. Everybody... Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they import Egyptians.
A man: No, what I'm saying, you understand what I'm saying. If you...
Dr. Khalifa: I understand what you're saying perfectly.
A man: Yes, if you say, if you, let's say you, you have enough to retire, you don't need any work.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: But as far as God is concerned, is it okay to just go retire somewhere, devote your life to praying?
Dr. Khalifa: What do you think I'm doing?
A man: What? No, you're not doing it. You could do it with a lot more peace and quiet and more devotion to whatever you're doing. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I try until lovely people like yourself come and visit me.
But believe me, this is worship.
Dr. Khalifa: I'd love to be by the, with a computer by myself. A man: Congratulations on your worship.
Dr. Khalifa: But now when I have a preference, I prefer to be with you guys.
So, but this is worship.
I mean, what we're doing here is worshiping God.
Dr. Khalifa: Because you're not getting paid. A man: So, it's not just...
A man: It's not just Sujud (unintelligible). Dr. Khalifa: You're, you're...
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, worship, by no means, no.
A man: That's what I wanna hear. You can worship by paying charity, worship by helping other people, worship is... Dr. Khalifa: Right. Yes.
A man: This is what I wanted. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Absolutely, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: What we're doing now is we're worshiping God.
Dr. Khalifa: You know, Shahrukh is not getting paid. You're not getting paid. Nobody here is getting paid.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: We're just sitting here. In fact, you're spending money. These ladies are taking you to the shopping centers, you know, every other hour.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, the truth is we are getting paid, you know.
Dr. Khalifa: God is paying us health, wealth, and peace of mind, and a lot of happiness. So,...
A woman: Alhamdu Lillah. Alhamdu Lillah.
Dr. Khalifa: But you see, these theoretical principles of "go sit somewhere and worship", it doesn't work.
As you see, if you put it in practical terms, you yourself went out digging a ditch for somebody.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, back to Azhar.
Dr. Khalifa: ... important because now the question is, if the Quran's in existence
were identical to the Quran that the prophet wrote with his hand, why will he need to destroy it?
Yeah, so obviously, it was different.
And since he burned the Quran that was written by the prophet, then the Quran that we have,
that came to us, are the wrong ones.
Dr. Khalifa: We have these two verses.
A woman: I have a question.
A woman: When they, when they added the two verses, did they put it on the same one that the prophet wrote, or did they just rewrite?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, they were making copies from the prophet's. Yeah. A woman: Oh, yeah
Azhar Khan: The question a genuine person might ask is:
“If the original Quran of Muhammad was identical to the Quran in circulation, why did Marwan Ibn Al-Hakam destroy it?!”
Upon examining the oldest Islamic references, we realize that the false injections,
9:128-129, were always suspect.
For example, we read in Bukhary’s Hadith, and Al-Suyuty’s Itqaan,
that every single verse in Quran was verified by a multiplicity of witnesses “except Verses 128 and 129 of Sura 9;
"they were found with only Khuzeimah Ibn Thaabet Al-Ansaary.”
When some people questioned this improper exception, someone came up with a Hadith stating that “the testimony of Khuzeimah equals the testimony of two men!!!”
Dr. Khalifa: Sure! Azhar Khan: Those verses had only one witness.
Dr. Khalifa: Right!
Azhar Khan: And that is against the Quranic...
Dr. Khalifa: Again, the principle that Abu Bakr and Omar established for writing the Quran down, which was at least two witnesses.
Azhar Khan: I see. Dr. Khalifa: According to them.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, it's all nonsense.
Dr. Khalifa: But this is according to them.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the fact is that the Quran was there that the prophet wrote himself.
So, there was no need to collect it from anybody or look for it or have witnesses. Nothing.
The Quran was there and it was with the prophet's wife, Hafsa.
So, but I'm going along with what they said.
Dr. Khalifa: God made them say that.
Parivash: Rashad, I was telling one of my group that the reason that these two verses are false.
And when we came, I came to this point, the Hadith of Bukhari.
Parivash: And they attacked me and said "you say you don't have to use the Hadith. But you don't believe the Hadith. Why you put it there?" Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Because they believe it.
Dr. Khalifa: Because they believe in it. A woman: It's for them.
Parivash: Oh, this is for them. Ok. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: It's using their own material. Parivash: Yeah. Yeah.
Parivash: I didn't know, but I said "we have a lot of proof. It's not this."
Parivash: This is the proof of these two verses. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: This is... Parivash: This is only...
Dr. Khalifa: Because when a Christian comes, you don't get the Veda out and tell him
"The Veda says this and that" because they don't give a damn about the Veda.
Dr. Khalifa: But you get the Bible.
Parivash: We have to say "if you believe Hadith, this is Hadith."
A woman: Yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Parivash: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: No. We talk about history. We say "Dwight D. Eisenhower was the president of the United States in 1952."
This doesn't mean... This is a fact of history.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: You know, we don't use it for religious.
A woman: Sorry.
Parivash: Yes. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Azhar Khan: Our proof is basically the mathematics.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But this is using their own argument. This is why I'm saying it's all nonsense.
Dr. Khalifa: This is all nonsense. They made this up. So, I'm using their own historical differences.
Azhar Khan: Strangely, the false injections 9:128-129 are labeled in the traditional Qurans as “Meccan.”
The problem is how could these ‘Meccan’ verses be found with Khuzeimah, a ‘Medinan’ Muslim?!
Despite these discrepancies, plus many more glaring contradictions associated with the two False Verses, no one ever dared to question their authenticity.
Azhar Khan: And was that for political reasons or...?
Dr. Khalifa: Well, look at the storm that is against me now.
I can show you pages upon pages, full pages of attacking me because of these two verses.
So, they just didn't have the courage.
And they didn't have the proof.
Dr. Khalifa: It's not that I'm courageous, but we have the proof right now. Azhar Khan: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And this comes in the next paragraphs.
Azhar Khan: The discovery of the Quran’s mathematical ...
Dr. Khalifa: And, well, let me go to an extreme.
Let's go rob this bank or something, and I'll give you, I'll give you half of the loot.
Or let's go to this nightclub, and if you don't tell my wife, I will not tell your wife.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's kind of a bribing.
A man: I have a question. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I don't know how to explain it. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Bribing, in other words, wrapping the falsehood in something that's good.
Dr. Khalifa: So, that's not a good example.
A woman: No, I wanna say something else. Maybe, this is worshipping God, but the reality is this is not from Quran.
A woman: This is something extra. However,...
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly, yeah. But, but...
A woman: (unintelligible) but it's not real. It's falsehood.
Dr. Khalifa: God doesn't want it, as you will see here.
A woman: I say something good about God, and they put that in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A woman (Speaking Farsi): Evil eye.
Parivash: Or maybe, when I wanna tell you something, a lie about, for example, Azar, Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Parivash: I say something true that you believe and say "yeah, I know this." Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Exactly.
Parivash: And the second one is true. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And then, you put the lie in between. There it is. Mã Shã Allãh. Parivash: Yes, between.
Dr. Khalifa: God bless you.
Dr. Khalifa: I was looking for that.
A woman: How (unintelligible)
A woman: How did you say it?
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon? What's your question?
A woman: That you put a...
A man: Wrapping the truth in a...
Parivash: Wrapping.
A woman: Wrapping the truth in a falsehood.
A woman: Yeah, wrapping (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, this is... the Quran has a commandment against it that says,
(2:42) وَلَا تَلْبِسُوا۟ ٱلْحَقَّ بِٱلْبَـٰطِلِ
[2:42] Do not confound the truth with falsehood, ...
تَلْبِسُوا۟ ٱلْحَقَّ بِٱلْبَـٰطِلِ means you dress, do not dress the lie with the truth.
Parivash: Exactly. Allahu Akbar.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
تَلْبِسُوا۟ is Libas (لباس).
Dr. Khalifa: Do you have it in Farsi? A woman: Even if we have to, is that wrong?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Do you have Libas (لباس) in Farsi?
A woman: Yes. Parivash: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
(2:42) لَا تَلْبِسُوا۟ ٱلْحَقَّ بِٱلْبَـٰطِلِ
So, a messenger has come to you who is fantastic, is false, and then is a Batil (بَـٰطِلِ), and "God, there is no god except He is truth."
Dr. Khalifa: So, they wrap this with that. Parivash: Wrap this.
Parivash: Alhamdu Lillah.
A woman: So, this (unintelligible)
Parivash: Yeah, this is, yeah. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: This is, this is the name of God.
بِٱلْمُؤْمِنِينَ رَءُوفٌۭ رَّحِيمٌۭ
It's used in the Quran exclusively for God.
Azhar Khan: Sir, with this, we found this after you, since Quran was printed for translation.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Azhar Khan: And when was that, about two or three years ago or...?
Dr. Khalifa: I, I told you what year was that, as soon as I came back from Egypt.
Dr. Khalifa: She's the memory of the group.
A woman: Who are we teaching over here? (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: Around 84.
Dr. Khalifa: 84? Yeah, it was 1984. I came back from Egypt.
What happened was, we, we formed a committee, and we sat to count the word "God" in the Quran one by one, you know, page by page.
And in the end, we found one extra, 2698... 2699.
So, right there and then, I stood up and I said "this means the two verses", that was
the one piece of evidence I needed, finally, to say that the two verses are false.
They wanted to kill me right there and then.
So, I came back and I, I announced it.
Dr. Khalifa: That's right, because it came out in the March 1985 issue, the Muslim Perspective.
A man: Yes, I think I remember that.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, yeah, March 85.
Dr. Khalifa: So, that's when it happened.
Azhar Khan: Shall we continue?
Dr. Khalifa: ...the word "God" from the beginning of the Quran to the end of Sura 9.
Azhar Khan: To the end of Sura 9.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, it's a multiple...
A man: 215 is...