Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
We seek refuge in God from Satan, whose end is nearing, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Dr. Khalifa: Tonight, we start with Sura 70, and maybe beyond, depending on our teacher, Edip Yuksel. Take it away.
Edip: Should I read the Arabic or you want me to read the English?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no Arabic.
Edip: [70:1] A questioner may question...
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 26 prohibits reading Quran in Arabic for non-Arabic people.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 26. Edip: What?!
Edip: 26?
Dr. Khalifa: Yep. You didn't know that?
Edip: Oh. (unintelligible) Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Alhamdu Lillah. He knows everything, this is why.
Yeah. Sura 26, remember this.
It says do not... prohibits the reading of Quran in the language other than what the people understand.
Because it said that, in fact it says,
no, it doesn't say that.
I was gonna say it sounds Chinese to them.
It sounds like a different...
God says, they, they will not, they will not be blamed if they don't believe if you read it to them in a different language.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, back to Edip.
Edip: [70:1] A questioner may question the inevitable retribution.
[70:2] For the disbelievers, none can stop it.
[70:3] From GOD; Possessor of the highest Height.
Dr. Khalifa: Height.
Edip: Height.
[70:4] The angels, with their reports, climb to Him in a day that equals fifty thousand years.
This question has always has been questioned to every messengers and about the Last Day, about the end of the world.
And always people has been ridiculed this day, but in the future,
when we be close to the end of the world, for example, about 200 or 250 years later,
this question will be very widespread and everybody will ask this question.
And Muslims, million or billion of Muslims will discuss this subject with disbelievers.
Edip: And all verses about the end of the world will become a real fact and
Dr. Khalifa: ‘Alaykum Al-Salãm.
Edip: the believers will know the end of the world and the unbelievers will ridicule this, will mock at them.
And then we create a great dispute between believers and unbelievers.
But only, we, we now also discuss this matter and when we say the end of the world will be in that time,
unbelievers or unbelievers will, will ridicule us.
They will ask when.
Here, God, God, our God, gives us the relativity of the time.
He says a day, a day of your, a day of Heaven, Heaven Divinely day is equal to
[70:4] ... fifty thousand years.
your years.
In another verse, we see that it may be 1,000 years.
These two different scale show us that time is not absolute, it is relatively, it is relative.
For example, I think everything is relative to us.
For example, heat is relative to our heat.
We have 37 Celsius degree.
If the weather more than this, it is heat to us.
But if less than this, it is cold to us, the weather.
For example, the, the density of our meat, what do you say, what, flesh, yeah. The density of our flesh,
it has a, a density.
Edip: And if we touch something that has more density, we say it is hard,
Dr. Khalifa: Solid.
Edip: solid.
And if less than it, we say it is soft.
Edip: And we compare, we complete, we get information about our environment by our
Dr. Khalifa: Standards. Edip: Possessions. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Our standards.
Edip: Standards. Yes. Thanks.
And also our standard is our life.
We, we live about 70 years in this world.
Our scale is this 70 years.
A fly, the standard of fly is 3 months, about 3 months.
3 months of a fly is equals our 50 years.
Edip: Standard.
Dr. Khalifa: How, how old are your dogs, Lydia?
Lydia: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The oldest one is how old?
Lydia: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: In human, human life is?
Lydia: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. So, this is what Edip means.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the dogs escape, though.
Edip: And here, in the verse 4, there is a word that has 2 or 4 meanings, 2 or 3 meanings.
Word RUH (روح).
It has been translated as report, reports, or revelation.
In Quran, we can find these words used for revelation, or for Jibril (جِبْرِيلَ), for Gabriel, an angel.
It has both 2 meanings.
And here, Rashad has translated it as
[70:4] ... with their reports, ...
This, this (unintelligible)
Do you have any questions about these 4 verses?
Edip: May I?
Dr. Khalifa: I think we should point out here that Gabriel is the only,
this is his only job, and he is the only one who does the job of carrying revelations from God to the world.
Any new information, or new revelations, something that was never known before, comes from God to this world through Gabriel.
So, this is why one of his names is the Spirit, or the revelation.
Because when God says, I blew into Adam from My spirit, it's a Word.
Jesus is called the Word of God... a Word from God, because he, he was created by a Word.
"Be" a Word from God. "Be" and he was.
The same with Adam. And Gabriel brought that Word to Mary, if you remember.
So, but, here the angels go to the first universe, carrying reports about things happening here, as well. So...
And we're given the relative speed.
You know, just like Lydia said, the dog is 10 years, but in human terms, it would be 60 years.
We're told, we're told here that if you travel a distance in one day, the angels, in 50,000 years, the angels will cut it in one day.
In Carl Sagan's last novel which he concluded that the speed of light is very slow.
It really is, because nothing will be done in the universe if things were happening at the speed of light.
And our favorite example here is the prophet Muhammad's ascension to the first universe.
If he were traveling at the speed of light, he would still be in one, one hundredth of the Milky Way galaxy, still be going on his way.
Dr. Khalifa: Of course, that did not happen. He went and came at the same night. God took him up in the same night.
Edip: There is a famous equation about the relativity of the light.
And according to this equation, when you exceed the speed of light, there is no time.
Edip: The time becomes zero.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is the theory of relativity, for Einstein.
If you travel, you travel at the speed of light, time disappears.
Dr. Khalifa: If we travel faster than the speed of light, we can go into the negative.
Edip: It's wrong.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
Edip: It may be wrong. Dr. Khalifa: No, not wrong.
Dr. Khalifa: Let us say...
Let me explain it very quickly.
Our pictures travel at the speed of light.
If you turn the light on, I will see it at the speed of light.
So, the person, Mahmood, will see this later than me, because there is a fraction of a second.
So, once I turn this light on, I will see it first and Mahmood will see it, because it is traveling at the speed of light.
Our pictures travel at the speed of light.
If any, if the sun is turned off for, for a second, we will see this after 8 minutes, because it will take 8 minutes for the light. So,
the picture of anything travels at the speed of light.
So, let's say Edip scratched his ear and then sneezed.
Scratched his ear and then sneezed.
Now this, somebody has taken a picture from a mile away. Let's say somebody can take a picture from a mile away.
When he scratches his ear, after a fraction of a second, they will see that, the camera will see that and take a picture,
because his picture is traveling at the speed of light.
Yes?
So, at the speed of light from here to there, it will take a certain amount of time,
and then after that he would sneeze.
So, let us say I am here and I'm gonna travel with this picture at the speed of light.
So, if he's scratching his ear and I'm traveling with that picture at the speed of light, I will always see him frozen in that position there.
This makes sense?
Because I'm traveling with him at the speed of light, that picture will be still. So now,
Oh, let's say he sneezed before he scratched his ear. So,
if I, if I go faster now at the speed of light, I will see his, his picture when he sneezed before that.
Did I confuse everybody?
So, I'm traveling with him at the speed as he was scratching his ear.
So, but if I travel faster than the speed of light, I will see his picture when he sneezed, which was a few
seconds before he scratched his ear.
So, I go in the past, because I'm going faster than the speed of light.
If I go even faster than that, I will see him put his glasses on, which is something that happened before he scratched his ear.
So, let's say even if I, if I walked in the room as he was scratching his ear and then I
Dr. Khalifa: take off with his picture at the speed of light, I will see what happened in the past before I came into the room.
Edip: Rashad...
Dr. Khalifa: This is how I'm trying to simplify it. I have utterly complicated it.
Edip: Let me... A man: Yeah, no, no, no, no
Dr. Khalifa: But this is what... if you go at the speed of light, then time will stand still.
Dr. Khalifa: I will always see him holding his... If I travel at the speed of light, time stands still. (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, if I go faster, I will see what he did before I came into the room.
Dr. Khalifa: He sneezed, he put his glasses on, whatever happened
Dr. Khalifa: before. Edip: May I give you an example just to...?
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, confuse us more.
Edip: 100s... 1,400 years, light years far away from us,
let's think a star. There are many stars that far away, farther away.
From this star, let's think that there is a civilization or we went there. Just now, we are there. And
we are taking the photo of this earth with a very sophisticated telescope and detail
we could get the picture of people, persons.
And we could take the picture of Muhammad and the battle of BADR from that star.
Edip: It is possible, but impossible. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, but those, those pictures are traveling in space now.
Edip: Yes.
Edip: Because, just it will...
Dr. Khalifa: To reach, reach that star only now.
Edip: Yes, only now.
Dr. Khalifa: Things, that were happening on earth 1400 years ago, are reaching objects in heaven that are 1400 years, light years away.
It's true.
Dr. Khalifa: Also, if that star explodes right now, we will not see it for 1400 years.
Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Because that's how long it will take for, for the speed of light to come.
The speed of, speed of light is very slow.
And what we're told here in verse, excuse me, in verse 4,
that the angels travel, what we, what we spend 50,000 years traveling, our maximum speed, which is the speed of light,
the angels will do it in one day.
And by the way, this is not a fixed, it's not a fixed relationship, because it can be different.
It depends on where you are in the universe.
For example, you go to the moon, your day will be 14 of our days.
This is something we can do now. We can go to the moon.
And you're gonna have 14, 14 of our days in continuous day light.
And then, 14 nights. 14 days that's, that's equal one night on the moon.
If you go to Jupiter, you're gonna have 365 days of light. The day equals one of our years.
And even on earth, if you go to Alaska, you're gonna have 6 months day. No, but this is different.
So, it depends on where you are in the universe, that our day is different compared to their day.
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Edip.
Edip: Verse 5,
[70:5] Therefore, you shall resort to a gracious patience.
You must be patient.
[70:5] ... a gracious patience.
[70:6] For they see it far away.
[70:7] While we see it very close.
[70:8] The day will come when the sky will be like molten rocks.
will be like lava.
[70:9] The mountains will be like fluffy wool.
[70:10] No friend will care about his close friend.
[70:11] When they see them, the guilty will wish he could give his own children as ransom, to spare him the retribution of that day.
[70:12] Also his spouse, and his brother.
[70:13] Even his whole tribe that raised him.
[70:14] Even all the people on earth, if it would save him.
Here, we see the horror, horror of the, of that day, that people will give up from everything that he likes, he loves.
And, but that day, there is no ransom.
And also, this describes the selfishness of disbelievers.
Edip: They are selfish and they will want to change everything, to give as a ransom everything they, that they love, that they have.
Dr. Khalifa: They probably gave up God in this world for the sake of their spouse or parents or children or whatever.
Dr. Khalifa: On the Day of Judgment, they want to, to give up those people.
Edip: The love of disbeliever, and they love something, their love is because, it's because of their selfishness.
They love, for example, their, their, their children, their, their, because they have benefit.
They do not love anything that they don't expect benefit.
For example, they do not do anything secretly, they, good things, and, because they are in fact selfish.
But apparently, they may not see it. Any people who do not believe in Hereafter, they are selfish in this world.
Let's go on, 15.
[70:15] No; it is aflame.
[70:16] Eager to burn.
[70:17] It calls on those who turned away.
[70:18] Those who hoarded and counted.
[70:19] Indeed, the human being is anxious.
Verse 17 tells us that Hell will call, will invite people.
In Quran, we find that Allah personalized the substances.
Understand?
For example, in chapter 41:21, verse 21, we see, God makes everything speak up, makes everything speaks up
For example, in 41:11, we see earth and heaven speak.
In 23, chapter 23:62, the record speaks.
And chapter 50, verse 30, Hell speak.
And chapter 27:82, computer speaks.
God makes everything speak up.
But what is speaking in our language?
Speaking, we, you may understand speaking is only by words.
But Quran explain the word of, the word "speaking."
The word "speak" in 3:41, we see gesture, symbols, also is a way, another way for speaking.
Allah says for Zakariya (Zachariah), your sign is not to speak with anybody for three days except,
except gestures, by symbols you just speak.
Edip: These exceptions show us that symbols or anything that symbol gestures are also a way of speaking.
Dr. Khalifa: Signals.
Edip: Signals, yes.
Verse 18,
[70:18] Those who hoarded and counted.
is one of the important character of disbelievers.
They hoarded and... verse says, the goods, earthly goods. And they are so... they are very careful about the substances of this world.
And also, we can see this character in chapter 74, verse 12, 15.
And verse 19 is very interesting.
[70:19] Indeed, the human being is anxious.
In Arabic, we see it has been created as anxious.
The word is "has been created."
I search about this because Allah says in chapter 95, verse 4, 5.
(95:4) لَقَدْ خَلَقْنَا ٱلْإِنسَـٰنَ فِىٓ أَحْسَنِ تَقْوِيمٍۢ
[95:4] We created the human being in the best manner.
Allah, and in another verse, please open 32, chapter 32, verse 7.
He perfected everything He created.
He perfected everything He created.
Allah's creation is perfect.
But here we see that human being has been created anxious.
Apparently, we may see a contradiction between those verses.
But if we carefully research on the word KHALAQA (خَلَقَ), we see in Quran, when God say about our creation,
when mention about our creation, He says,
(95:4) خَلَقْنَا ٱلْإِنسَٰنَ
(95:4) خَلَقْنَا
[95:4] We created ...
And Allah, when mention about His creation, He says always to create best, in best manner.
But here, it is KHULIQA (خُلِقَ), has been created. Not we created.
How do you say in English for this?
KHULIQA (خُلِقَ). Unknown.
Edip: The subject is not, is unknown here.
Dr. Khalifa: Passive. It's passive tense.
Edip: Passive. Yes. Passive Tense.
For example, we can see the passive tense in 4, chapter 4:28.
It describes the weakness of human being,
(4:28) خُلِقَ ٱلْإِنسَٰنُ
You can see that verse.
And also, the human being has been created hasty, chapter 21:38.
And when Allah describes the weakness and anxiousness and hastiness of the human being,
He always describes this as KHULIQA (خُلِقَ), not KHALAQNA (خَلَقْنَا).
Edip: This shows us with our free will, we change our creation.
Dr. Khalifa: Where is Martha? Is Martha here?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, what, what is the grammatical, the term, linguistic term for something that "was created", instead of "I created that?"
Martha: Passive.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, OK. So, Passive is right. I wasn't sure.
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, but the human being can make himself worried, as you will see in the next verses.
Dr. Khalifa: In other words, the INSAN (إِنسَٰن) is, the human being is made that something. It's made by, by the human, not by God.
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, right.
Edip: We can see in Quran,
(23:14) فَتَبَارَكَ ٱللَّهُ أَحْسَنُ ٱلْخَـٰلِقِينَ
Allah is the best of the Creators, the best Creator of creators.
(23:14) أَحْسَنُ ٱلْخَـٰلِقِينَ
Edip: There are many creators.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, in other words, we can create our own misery, or our own happiness.
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: But God, God instructs, they follow God's laws, they carry out God's laws.
Edip: لَّقَد خَلَقُوا۟
Edip: Also, they create lies
Dr. Khalifa: This is just to bypass this linguistic (unintelligible), tricks.
A man: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
A man: This is (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Dark gray car with the lights on.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Small dark gray... A woman: That's the only (unintelligible)
A woman: You know, this, this word here (unintelligible)
Audience: (unintelligible)
A woman: Yes. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You'll get the, get the makeup required next time, not now.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Good day.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: For example, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Emily will find out.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Go on, Edip.
Edip: Yes. Verse 20.
[70:20] If touched by adversity, despondent.
[70:21] If blessed by wealth, stingy.
Dr. Khalifa: What kind of car is it?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Edip: [70:22] Except for the worshipers.
[70:23] Who always observe their contact prayers (Salat).
[70:24] Part of their money is set aside.
[70:25] For the poor and the needy.
[70:26] They believe in the Day of Judgment.
[70:27] They reverence their Lord's requital.
[70:28] Their Lord's requital is not taken for granted.
[70:29] They keep their chastity.
[70:30] (They have relations) only with their spouses, or what is legally theirs—
[70:31] anyone who transgresses these limits is a sinner—
[70:32] And the believers keep their word; they are trustworthy.
[70:33] Their testimony is truthful.
And it ends with the same close statement.
[70:34] They consistently observe their contact prayers (Salat), on time.
It is like the same verse 23.
There are, there are some qualifications, some behaviors of Muslims, important behaviors.
First, they observe their Contact Prayers.
And we see this statement also in 23, verse 2.
Edip: And there are many common verses between here and the beginning of chapter 23.
Dr. Khalifa: Lisa, make a note also this for the index. Traits of the believers.
By chance.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Go ahead.
Edip: [70:24] Part of their money is set aside.
Word by word translation, they have a part in their money.
A part there is known.
Known by people.
Edip: This show us this charity, the amount of Zakat, is known by people.
Dr. Khalifa: Specified.
Edip: Specified.
(70:24) حَقٌّۭ مَّعْلُومٌۭ
A woman: Which verse are you (unintelligible)
Edip: 24
[70:24] Part of their money is set aside.
The amount of the charity is known by people.
Dr. Khalifa: Also again, it describes this verse.
Edip: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: Specified portion.
Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Specified portion of their money is set aside. Edip: set aside.
Edip: (70:24) مَّعْلُومٌۭ
And there are parallel verses here between 23 and, chapter 23.
For example, you see the parallel verse in 23, chapter 23, verse 4.
It says, it specifies the Zakat, just word "Zakat."
Verse 30,
[70:30] ... only with their spouses, or what is legally theirs—
These...
Edip: This is about captives of war.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, it is not.
Edip: It is not?
Edip: In 4, chapter 4:25, Allah gives us permission to marry with captives of the war.
Dr. Khalifa: No, He's not.
Edip: Please, open chapter 4, verse 25.
Dr. Khalifa: Look in the new translation.
Dr. Khalifa: Some, Edip inherited some of the old stuff, where they had wars with captives.
[70:30] ... what is legally theirs—
covers the, all the methods of, of marriage in the world.
There are places where there is no marriage.
But a man and a woman will live together forever and have their children, and the society will know that these belong to each other.
You don't have anything like that in it. So, the Quran covers all the situations.
There are common law marriages in this country, and the Quran recognizes that.
Dr. Khalifa: It's what "legally theirs" means.
Edip: Interestingly, (unintelligible)
Edip: And, is there any question about this?
Dr. Khalifa: I have a few comments. Yes.
Edip: Let me talk about...
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. 4:25 talks about slaves.
Edip: Uhum.
Dr. Khalifa: 4:25 talks about slaves.
Edip: Yes, slaves, you can marry with them.
Dr. Khalifa: Right, but not war captives.
Edip: Ah, Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, this is, this is very important to note that
the people who do not, the worshippers who do not observe the Contact Prayers are anxious.
Anxious, I really want a more, a stronger word than anxious. In Arabic,
(70:19) هَلُوعًا
is worried, always worried.
Nervous and anxious and worried, always worried.
Dr. Khalifa: And human...huh?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Jittery and worried.
Worried, depressed, and, and, and anxiety and worry.
[70:20] If touched by adversity, ...
they become despondent.
And when blessed with wealth, they are stingy.
OK. Now.
You can, you can ask yourself these questions. Do you worry?
Number 2, do you become despondent when something bad happens to you?
Number 3, are you stingy when you have money?
If you have these three traits, then you do not belong with the worshippers, the believers.
I remember my father's teacher had a debate with some of the mullahs.
And he trapped him into this. He said "do you worry a lot?"
He said "yeah, we're humans. We worry."
He said "if something bad happens to you, do you become upset?"
He said "yeah, we're human beings, we do that."
And then he said
So, he said "well, then you don't, you don't belong with the worshippers who observe the Salat prayer."
Because in verse 22, it says
(70:22) إِلَّا ٱلْمُصَلِّينَ
except those who observe the Salat prayers.
So, the lesson is that if you do observe your Contact Prayers, this will cool you down. You will not worry. You will have nothing to worry about.
No fear, no worry.
And you will not be despondent when something, adversity happens.
You will remember what the Quran says that you may dislike something which is good for you.
You may not get the job that you want, but God knows it is not good for you, and you accept that.
So, you will, you will not be despondent. You will not be miserable because you didn't make it in the job interview.
So then, we have a, a bunch of traits of the believers.
They
[70:23] ... always observe their contact prayers (Salat).
verse 23.
24, a specific portion, 2.5% of their net income
[70:24] ... is set aside. [70:25] For the poor and the needy.
25.
[70:26] They believe in the Day of Judgment.
These are all traits of the believers.
[70:27] They reverence their Lord's requital.
They, they, they, they worry about it. In other words, they don't want it. They know how, see, how bad it is,
just making God angry.
God doesn't get angry, by the way, but I mean, violating His commandments.
27
28
[70:28] Their Lord's requital is not taken for granted.
Always, in other words, when you look at this, you really, you'll be severe against yourself. You will not be lax.
You will, you will judge yourself according to these criteria and make sure that you're a believer.
You will not, you will be strict with yourself.
Number 29,
[70:29] They keep their chastity.
So, I mean, you look at this verse 29 and you keep your chastity.
You'll not be lax or careless.
Keeping the chastity is something that is unusual in this country.
Because the society evolved so much in the last, in the last few decades.
Maybe, I should get you the piece, piece of paper that Phil handed me.
Just one second.
It's appropriate to this.
Dr. Khalifa: It's for all those born before 1945, which probably includes you only.
A woman: Yep.
Dr. Khalifa: And
Okay, but here it says,
"We were certainly not before the difference between the sexes was discovered.
"But we were surely before the sex changed. We may do with what we had.
"And we were the last generation that was so dumb as to think you needed a husband to have a baby.
"No wonder we are so confused and there is such a generation gap.
"But we survived." OK.
I think there is some other points here that along the line that "we were the last generation
"that was so dumb as to think you needed a husband to have a baby."
So, in other words, what happened in the last few decades is really very harmful to the people.
Dr. Khalifa: And we see what happened with AIDS, the spread of venereal diseases,
A woman: There's a special (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, lesbian mothers. Things that those who born in 194.. before 1945 never heard of these things.
But verse 29, the believers do not take it lightly, 29.
I'm writing, I'm writing an appendix on chastity and virginity for our children.
Our children better be different from the other children.
It is your responsibility to teach your children for their own good that they must be virgin on their wedding night.
And I'm talking about boys and girls.
And I'm going to show in the appendix how the happiness of your children depends on that.
The price is just too high if they don't follow this verse, this very short verse, 29.
[70:29] They keep their chastity.
The price is really too high.
Now, even from the physiological and the physical point of view,
the boys and the girls, when they mature first and they are ready for, for, they are not ready.
I mean, physiologically, they may have their menstruation, or they may, the voice may change, the boy's voice may change.
But physiologically and anatomically, they are not really ready for sex.
But in this country, they delve into sex without being ready, and they hurt themselves.
And they pay the price when they grow up.
This is from the purely physical and physiological point of view.
But from the practical point of view, God sees to it that those who violate this...
Our boys and girls must be taught not to violate this.
That they must keep their chastity, because when they do that, they pay from their happiness.
They will not have a happy marriage.
They will not have a happy life.
And, mind you, it is not easy. You must teach them that it is not easy to keep your chastity, especially in a society like this.
Joe Sobran is a, is a reporter with the Los Angeles Times, and he had a wonderful commentary only yesterday, or the day before.
He says "these boys, they go out and they, they have sex as if there are no consequences.
"But the consequences are abortions, dangerous things that happen to... And the children who have...
"These boys have no intention of raising them or supporting them. They create a lot of misery."
That was Joe Sobran's commentary, and he is not a Muslim.
But here we are reading the Quran, and God knows what is good for us.
And He is telling us that the believers must keep their chastity.
You know, all the, all of you are young, and you have children who are growing, and I want to repeat
and emphasize and re-emphasize that it is your responsibility.
If you just do your part, God will do the other part.
You cannot just leave them to the world out there.
You have to do your part by teaching them what the Quran is saying, what God is saying.
Because if you really love them, you want them to be happy when they grow up.
And one source of misery will be to break these laws.
They are not physiologically ready.
They'll be breaking God's law, and the price is too high.
And if you, if you I know you do want them to be happy.
So, I'm going to write this appendix in detail, and you can use it.
OK. Use me to, to give them these instructions.
It is very difficult to be a father or a mother, and you talk to children about sex.
It's, it's kind of awkward.
But if you use the Quran, tell them "this is what God says. Here is the appendix, read it."
And God will help you and will protect them.
So, and emphasize to them that it is not easy. You must exert, tell them they'll have to exert a lot of control.
Because the temptation is so great out there.
And you are helping them this way when you tell them "it is not easy." But you must exert for your own happiness and your own good.
You must exert a lot of control. You must resist.
You know, they have a big thing saying, "say no to drugs." But you never see "say no to sex."
Dr. Khalifa: Even though it is disastrous, is there?
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: teaching us (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, Subhan Allah.
A woman: Yeah. (unintelligible) in an art history (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: OK.
A woman: I know (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
A woman: Then, you have shock.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, this is a shock.
A woman: Yes.
A woman: If (unintelligible), they always say, you know, you Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible) it also refers to (unintelligible)
A woman: you know, other (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Because this, I think it was Valentine's Day at the university, and they distributed free condoms.
It's like telling them "go have sex," you know.
They don't realize what they're doing and how much unhappiness they're causing to these kids.
But this is good news.
Now, God is forcing. God says in Sura 41, verse 53,
that God will show them His signs
[41:53] ... in the horizons, and within themselves, until they realize that this is the truth.* ...
This is what's good for us.
There is a big campaign in the country against alcohol.
They don't do it because God said so.
But they are forced by the, by the disasters, the social disasters, and the, the broken families,
and the, the depression that is caused by alcohol, the hangovers and headaches, diseases.
Now, the book, there's a book in the market, new book, that is called "You Are What You Drink." I mentioned it before.
And it lists unbelievable disastrous health problems from alcohol.
Because it dissolves your brain.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, I'm talking about cancer, blood pressure, heart disease, established, scientifically established. Hmm?
A woman: Liver disease.
Dr. Khalifa: Liver disease, of course, yes, it's known a long time ago.
And the same is happening with violating this verse 29.
[70:29] They keep their chastity.
The same thing is happening.
There are unheard of diseases coming out.
AIDS is one of them. Uncurable.
skin (unintelligible)
You're telling me that now the,
Naghmeh, you're thinking that the, now the females have a disease that is similar to AIDS.
Dr. Khalifa: I heard about it a couple of weeks ago. You're gonna tell us more? Hmm?
Naghmeh: There's a cancer that, you know, how many cure for the thing (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Young girls who are sexually active, because they are not physiologically... they're not physiologically ready.
It takes, it takes maybe 10 years after
the voice in the boy changes and the menstruation of the girl, maybe 10 years to really be ready to, to be pregnant
and to be in a marriage relationship.
So, God knows. God created us and knows what is, what is good for us.
So, you think I spend too much time on this, it's deliberate.
Because you have a lot of responsibility. There are lots of beautiful, wonderful kids running around here. And they must be protected.
Like I said "don't worry. You just do your part."
You must know that your children are in God's hand.
You can't be with them every time.
But God chaperones your children. You're, you're a person,
you're a person of God.
And you must have that confidence. You must know that God is with your children wherever they go.
If they are riding a bicycle in the middle of the street, or they are out with other people subjected to all the temptations of this society.
Don't worry. Drugs or sex or accidents, your children are in God's hand and you must have that confidence.
And being the oldest of you, I raised two kids, I know that. I know, I'm speaking from experience.
They've seen how much God's protection is marvelous.
And they have seen how you just do your part and God will do His part in the most magnificent ways.
So, I didn't have relations with anybody else. In fact, this is repeated in verse 30. It says,
[70:30] (They have relations) only with their spouses, or what is legally theirs—
So, there is a lot of, there's a lot at stake.
It is just not worth it, violating these laws.
These are very very harsh.
The punishment is very harsh. It seems out of proportion.
So, do you want to test it? Go ahead. You're gonna pay through the nose.
If you want to abide by God's law, then you attain a lot of happiness and you avoid lots of problems.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, any questions?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: How do you, how do you determine (unintelligible)
A woman: But, what is someone (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right, they're being selfish.
Like the fellow who donated a million dollars to the cancer center, but it had to be announced over the microphone in the stadium.
This is showing off and he's doing it for selfish reasons, maybe, maybe. I mean, he has to be a believer in God
to give things secretly. But the criterion is whether the person is cutting a portion of his money and giving it to the poor or not.
The minimum is 2.5%.
If the person is giving away at least 2.5% of his or her money to the poor, then, then, they're alright.
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad.
Farhad: Could you please (unintelligible)
There's a similar verse (unintelligible)
Farhad: I mean, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. This is verse 30?
Farhad: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Farhad: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Or is very important. Yes.
Yes.
This is... the Quran is so accurate that you have to pay attention to what Farhad is just saying. OR or, or AND.
There's a verse that says, you shall observe Hajj and Umrah.
And I have translated it, maybe even in the old translation, OR Umrah.
But we're supposed to observe... in pilgrimage, there are two things that must be observed, Hajj and Umrah. They must be done.
So, this is a similar... the difference is just a, a dash.
WA (وَ) or AW (أَو).
Dr. Khalifa: That's the difference. You really have to pay attention to these things.
Edip: As here, if you have spouses, you don't have legally...
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Edip: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: See, because you either got married or you either got together without the benefit of marriage.
I don't wanna tell you that joke again
about the guy in Africa, he wanted to know the secret of happy marriage. And somebody said "what is marriage?"
Dr. Khalifa: So, there are places in the world where there is no marriage.
Edip: What is "legally theirs"? You explained it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, "legally" means, there may be societies where, when the people reach the age of 21,
they are actually engaged at the time of birth in some of those societies.
They had a boy in the family and said "this will be for my daughter." The tribe chief or something.
Because the daughter will, is not born yet, maybe. But these are political connections.
So, when they reach 21, they, they ship the boy and the girl into their new house and they become husband and wife forever.
That this she's legally his and he's legally hers.
But there was no marriage ceremony, are no such thing as marriage.
So, the, the Quran must cover all situations.
They're legally, they're legally belong to each other. In this country, common law marriages
are legal as far as God is concerned. There are two people who decided to live together forever and raise a family.
The intention is for being together forever.
They don't go through the state and the papers and the priest or Justice of the Peace or anything.
Dr. Khalifa: But they live together forever and that's legal as far as God is concerned.
Douglas: Many (unintelligible).
The average (unintelligible) the most serious relation problems. (unintelligible).
Technically, they are children of (unintelligible). So, there are illicit, and again, a lot of illicit sexual activities (unintelligible).
A lot of these young people, they don't have this sense of genuine love, attraction.
So, in fact, (unintelligible)
They can't see their parents loving each other. These are the ones that in fact are the most serious.
I haven't... God knows, because I haven't come in contact with a single case.
And the problem is, can you see these relation problems
or these type of thing that has not included some kinds of adultery or, you know, disregard for marriage.
Douglas: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: By the way, I must clarify that when I talk about problems in marriage, there are always problems in marriage.
But for people who, who, who keep their chastity until their marriage, they will have the regular problems of
bickering over the budget and what to be spent where and which house to pick out and
which room should be the living room and which room should be... These are normal problems.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm talking about serious problems if, that are the price of the improper marriage.
A woman: Dr. Khalifa, you just mentioned that parents (unintelligible) children.
In verse, in Sura 4, verse 19, (unintelligible) saying that, you know, this commandment
(unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, this is inheritance of the things that the wife possessed.
It's not inheriting the person.
I, I think I clarified this in the new translation.
You shall not inherit your wives forcibly, means you cannot force her to write a will giving you everything,
giving the husband everything. This is what it means.
Dr. Khalifa: But arranged marriages are done all over the world and a lot of them are very successful.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, this is prohibited in the Quran. Marriage against anybody's will is prohibited in the Quran anyway.
So, this...
If a man inherits the wife in the sense that you're saying and she's happy and he's happy and they get married, fine.
Their widows can get married. There is no problem.
A woman: (unintelligible)
There is a Jewish tradition about the brother marrying his brother's widow. This is an old tradition in Judaism.
Dr. Khalifa: There's nothing wrong with it if everybody is happy.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, well, No, this is against the Quran.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Speak slowly.
A woman: There are (unintelligible) in society.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, a few societies...
Actually, in this society, you find everything here in this society.
Dr. Khalifa: Any other question? Pari.
Parivash: (unintelligible) marriages
what's legally. But many people fear in that the way live together.
Parivash: When they wanna live, they say "Yeah, we like each other. We live." But they, then, because they don't wanna be legally
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Parivash: (unintelligible) and that (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's only okay if they decide that they are together forever
and that they will raise a family, their children and everything as a couple forever. The intention must be forever.
They may break up next month or next year, but if the intention was they're getting together forever, then it's okay.
Dr. Khalifa: It is not okay to get together with the intention that if things don't work out "goodbye."
Parivash: Because the most of them, they don't wanna have that responsibility.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Parivash: If they wanna live and maybe they can have a baby by the weeks, maybe but
Because I think they don't want that they have that responsibility, and, but maybe they live for 15 or
Parivash: more than that, in years. Dr. Khalifa: Uhum.
Dr. Khalifa: Like I said, if the intention was that they live together forever, then it's perfectly alright.
A woman: Some could get married (unintelligible) split
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: and they don't want the responsibility.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Yes.
Edip: It was his intention.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Some people get married and one or both have the intention of not being together forever.
Dr. Khalifa: That's, that's prostitution.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Edip and verse number? What?
Edip: 32. 33. Verse 33.
[70:33] Their testimony is truthful.
The verse contains another meaning, also.
They are, stand firm in their testimony and their testimony is truthful.
And if, cause they stand firm in their testimony even if it causes loss or trouble for them.
And the most important testimony is testimony for Oneness of God and also there are many other testimonies in this world.
And they are stand firm and they are truthful in their testimonies.
Verse 34,
[70:34] They consistently observe their contact prayers (Salat), on time.
Meanwhile, I want to tell you an interesting event in my life about this verse.
The verse chapter 29:45.
It is over here. Chapter 29:45.
[29:45] You shall recite what is revealed to you of the scripture, and observe the Salat Prayers, for Salat protects from falling in sin and evil. That is the means for remembering GOD which is even greater.* GOD is fully aware of everything you do.
This summer, I was preparing a book about the mistakes in Turkish translations.
I was dealing about 40 verses, important verses.
I gave the original to the... for the (unintelligible) for the copy, to be copied on film.
The person gave me back.
I found that he missed two verses.
He forget to copy two verses and only one verse is by mistake he had taken it copied. The verse was this verse, verse 29:45.
And I told him that you must take these two verses that you have forgot and not this.
This is wrong because I wanted verse 39 chapter 45.
He supposed that I wanted chapter 29.
He mixed 39 with 29.
And I corrected it. Later, I received the three films but I found that also he had mistake on this verse.
Instead of 39:45, he made the same mistake on 29:45.
It was very interesting because that time, I was a few time, I delayed my Salat
and I was not good that time about my Prayer and Allah reminded me about Salat because God is fully aware of everything you do.
You must observe your Salat.
Let's go on. 35.
Edip: He couldn't understand...
Douglas: Verse 23 and 34 add up to 57. Allah, and God says
[70:34] They continuously observe their Salat Prayers, on time.
That consistent means (unintelligible).
Another thing here is that we can see that Salat helps and protects.
Douglas: As God says He keeps the believers away from violating these laws of God.
Edip: Verse 24? Chapter 24?
Douglas: No, no. In the, in the Sura, we are reading,
Edip: Ok.
Douglas: verse 23 and 34 add up to 57.
Douglas: Salat helps and protects the believers to be on the right path.
Edip: Verse 35
[70:35] They have deserved a position of honor, in Paradise.
[70:36] What is keeping those who disbelieved from joining you?
[70:37] To the right, and to the left, they flee.
[70:38] How can any of them expect to enter the blissful Paradise?
[70:39] Never; we created them, and they know from what.
Verse 40,
[70:40] I solemnly swear by the Lord of the easts and the wests; we are able—
Rashad, I want to ask you a question about the Quran in the parenthesis.
Edip: (Unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Edip: [70:40] I solemnly swear by the Lord of the easts and the wests; we are able—
Edip: [70:41] to substitute better people in your place; we can never be defeated.
Dr. Khalifa: God, God speaks.
Edip: God swears by Himself. Uhum.
[70:40] ... Lord of the easts and the wests; ...
position of stars and position of moon and sun also their rotation.
Allah governs all the universe and Allah says
(56:75) فَلَآ أُقْسِمُ بِمَوَٰقِعِ ٱلنُّجُومِ
[56:75] I swear by the
Edip: places of
Dr. Khalifa: postion
Edip: [56:75] ... positions of the stars.
Here, swearing is personal. "I", with "I"
But, the second verse we see "we."
[70:41] to substitute better people in your place; we can never be defeated.
And we here can understand that Allah has many soldiers from angels and believers.
And they cannot be defeated.
[70:42] Therefore, let them blunder and play, until they meet the day that is awaiting them.
[70:43] That is the day they come out of the graves in a hurry, as if herded to the (sacrificial) altars.
Edip: [70:44] With their eyes subdued, shame will cover them. That is the day that is awaiting them.
Dr. Khalifa: Thank you very much. Good job.
Dr. Khalifa: Are there any questions on the whole Sura or anything? Mahmood.
Dr. Sabahi: Yeah, I just wanted to go back to what Eric asked you.
He asked if there is (unintelligible)
just wanna first make sure it's, it's actually this in Quran (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: Does, does Quran require a Muslim to get married? Some specifically specified rules that creates (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the Quran consistently talks about marriage and, and making it official and everything.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, but I'm talking about generally in this country, people who never saw the Quran, never came across
Dr. Sabahi: Ok. That's what I wanted
Dr. Khalifa: the Quran or
Dr. Sabahi: If you are a Muslim, then you are obligated to, to go through marriage according to the rules that will bring this.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Marriage is a very organized institution according to the Quran.
Because God tells exactly who we can marry and who we cannot marry. And it's an elaborate
Dr. Khalifa: and divine institution that is very organized. Yes.
Dr. Sabahi: Well, I... Dr. Khalifa: I'm glad you pointed this out.
Dr. Sabahi: Yeah, I got the wrong impression. At least, (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: The other thing was when you keep talking about God provides you, God, God loves you,
God knows what you're gonna do and things like that.
Especially, the younger ones, they, they may not think, think that
Dr. Sabahi: "okay, if God wants me to get this job, I'm gonna get it. So, I will sit down here. I'm not gonna work, I'm not gonna try."
Dr. Khalifa: That will be against the Quran.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They'll be going against the Quran.
The true believer is the hardest working person and the best producer in his job or her job, wherever they go.
And they enjoy every minute of it.
Believers are very hard workers and the most honest workers.
And they, they are the best producers and they enjoy every second of it.
They're not lazy. God doesn't want the lazies.
He wants, He wants people on the ball in His Kingdom.
Our teacher next Friday is Apamea.
Dr. Khalifa: And she's gonna take the next, the next 19 Suras, from Sura 70 to Sura 89.
Apamea: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: From Sura 71 to Sura 89.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, Robert.
Robert: What's the motivational factor? We've talked about this before. The motivational factor would be, for wanting to
Robert: I mean, to do, to better, to better yourself, do better financially.
Dr. Khalifa: Sir, very good.
The Sura, Sura 16 says,
The Rich Believer is Better than the Poor Believer
And Edip wanted me to change this for possible, for possible misunderstandings.
But I did not, because God meant that.
Remember it says, the rich believer and the poor believer, both are believers.
Both are equally believing.
But one of them is able to, to do things, is able to give to charity, and able to
further the cause of God and spread the word of God and do things that will, will make a difference.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is a motivation.
Robert: But isn't it also a natural thing in all (unintelligible) to want to better, to better your own, I mean, services, to want to say...
Dr. Khalifa: Without being frustrated, yes. Yes. Yes.
Absolutely.
Because of that principle in Sura 16.
You wanna, you want to do things.
You want to buy a million dollar ad in the Wall Street Journal to say to the people "worship God alone."
Dr. Khalifa: And you cannot do that unless you better your own circumstances.
Dr. Sabahi: I have one question. You alluded to something, that, that some people have changed the
(unintelligible) of verses in the Quran and,
what, what, what is the reason? How do we know that these are the verses in the way they've arranged the Quran?
(Unintelligible)
...that these number of verses are (unintelligible) and the verses that are part of one Sura, and then another part of another Sura.
Dr. Sabahi: How do we know that these, these are correct?
Dr. Khalifa: Just, just buy a copy of the new translation.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That's it.
A woman: The number 19 (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's gonna be mathematically solved. A man: (unintelligible)
Edip: Well, mathematically, rather, it shows us that it's correct. Dr. Sabahi: No, before the mathematics.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) Edip: Allah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, there are, there are authorized printings. And they are the closest to the truth.
They have... we know the mistakes in them. There are three mistakes in them,
in the authorized versions of the Quran printed in Saudi Arabia or Egypt.
Avoid the ones printed in Iran.
Dr. Khalifa: They misspelled them and messed them up.
Dr. Sabahi: Could it be verses, the numbering of the verses?
Dr. Khalifa: That's possible. But I know that they, they, they simplified "the Quranic Arabic,"
Dr. Khalifa: and they wrote it in the modern... Edip: In Turkey, also.
Dr. Khalifa: Also in Turkey?
Edip: Yes. Misspelling. Dr. Khalifa: Uh-Uh
Dr. Khalifa: So, the first Quran ever in history that is,
that is the way God wanted it to be printed, from here, come out of here the next few weeks, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad?
Farhad: You mentioned another Persian translation is developing. Another, another translation is (unintelligible)
(unintelligible)
Farhad: Another translation is in Arabic translating into Persian. The meaning of this is hugely important.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Farhad: Another translation (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I have good news for you. There is a Farsi translation being done now from, from my translation.
So, you should have it in a year or so, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: We have authorized the Farsi translation.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Susan Ray?
A woman: Susan Ray.
Dr. Khalifa: No.
It's, it's done by Behruz. Did you meet Behruz?
Behruz Mofidi Shirazi.
He's doing this, just going very fast.
Dr. Khalifa: Martha, did you say something?
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You are not reading your Muslim perspective, you are (unintelligible).
You are not reading your Muslim perspective.
Martha: (unintelligible) maybe.
Dr. Khalifa: Not maybe. You're not reading your Muslim perspective. It's right there. That's the answer to your question, yes.
Perfect answer to question in details. So, go read it, now.
Dr. Khalifa: Any other questions, while Martha is reading the answer to her question?
Martha: (unintelligible) Rashad can avoid tonight?
Martha: "Martha, read it."
Dr. Khalifa: Can, can you, can you what?
Dr. Khalifa: What was... A man: avoid it.
Dr. Khalifa: What, what did she say now?
Martha: I said "any other questions that Rashad can avoid tonight. (unintelligible).
Martha: It's bungee jumping.
Martha: That's definitely very efficient, especially with (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, it takes a minute, but it answers your question perfectly. The answer is "yes."
The prophet Muhammad was given specific instructions.
Every time Gabriel released Quran from Muhammad's soul to Muhammad's memory,
Dr. Khalifa: he gave him instructions as to where these three or four verses belong.
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He wrote down, he wrote, he wrote down those verses and he put the instructions next to them.
So, when he died, he left the complete Quran, but not in the order that God wanted for the world.
He left the Quran with instructions on the side as to what,
Dr. Khalifa: which Sura goes after what Sura and which verse goes after which verse.
Martha: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. They followed the instructions. They, they put the Quran together, but then Satan tricked them into adding two verses.
And that was during Uthman's time.
Dr. Khalifa: And this triggered the war between Ali and his family and the Umayyads and...
A woman: Well, if that's the thing that you're referring to is in the... I read that part. The part about Ali and his family.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. There were 50 years of bitter war, but unfortunately the Umayyads won.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we got their version. We didn't get the version of the believers.
A woman: Did (unintelligible) have a (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
A woman: (Unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: He was an angel.
Naghmeh: (Unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: No, he didn't see him as an angel.
Naghmeh: So, did he just dream it?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, he didn't dream this. It's, Gabriel comes and takes and becomes part of Muhammad's body and releases the...
cause Muhammad... Gabriel did a connection between Muhammad's soul and Muhammad's physical body.
Dr. Khalifa: He didn't need to see him.
Naghmeh: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, not like that. When, when, in possession, you lose your...
In the possession, you lose your identity completely.
If you... if we are possessed by an angel or a demon or whatever, Naghmeh disappears and the other entity takes over completely.
And you have no consciousness at all. But Muhammad was fully conscious.
He just, he just had these words come to him and he would write down the verses. It comes to his memory.
Just like you're remembering something.
You remember that you took a final exam three days ago and the questions were this, this, and this. And you can write them down.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is how he
Dr. Khalifa: received them. Naghmeh: (unintelligible) all along?
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, yeah.
Okay, well, whatever your dearest wish is, turn to God and ask him for it.
The best wish being to stay on the right path.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
By all means, look at that miracle on the wall
and thank God because there is no doubt that we are the luckiest people on the face of the earth.
Alhamdu lillah.
Congratulations.