La Elaha Ella Allah (There is no god except the one God)
La Elaha Ella Allah
La Elaha Ella Allah
Alhamdu Lillah, We praise God.
Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
And we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
I started the machine here and all it said was La Elaha Ella Allah.
It was not planned this way.
But La Elaha Ella Allah is the greatest statement.
It is the statement that will redeem us and will take us back to God's kingdom.
God will accept us back if we believe the statement, La Elaha Ella Allah.
In words and in deeds.
And yesterday, Mahmood made a discovery,
I hope I'm not stealing his Khutba next week, but
La Elaha Ella Allah, you know in Arabic looks like this: لا إلهَ إلاَّ اللَّه
What Mahmood did, he put the gematrical value of these...
L is 30, Alif is 1, 1, 30, 5, these are the numerical values of these letters next to each other
30 1 1 30 5 1 30 1 1 30 30 5 = (19 X 1,584,897,436,901,595)
This is La Elaha Ella Allah next to each other,
expressed in numbers.
And this is a multiple of 19.
It's quite a discovery.
Cause as you know, God's stamp on everything is the number 19.
On you, the number of bones in your body is 19 x 14 = 266.
Excuse me, number of bones is 209 = 19 x 11
and you were in your mother's womb, if you were a full-term baby, 266 days.
This is what we have in the science books.
The embryology textbook at the school of medicine right here.
266 days for a full-term baby.
and La Elaha Ella Allah, the gematrical value is 19 multiple.
I want to reflect together with you, myself and you on the question who was your god last week?
Who was your god last week?
Don't answer me. Don't even shake your head. This is between you and yourself.
We're gonna, together, reflect on it, me and you.
Let's start last Saturday.
Who was your god on Saturday?
Did you think about God the majority of the time on Saturday?
When you got up in the morning, did you say Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem on Saturday?
Lydia, I said do not shake your head.
Now, I know you did. Ok.
It's between you and yourself.
Did you do the morning prayer on time on Saturday before Sunrise?
Who was your god on Saturday?
You got up in the morning, you mentioned the name of God, Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem, the first thing when you got up?
Did you make Wudu (ablution)? And prayed the morning before sunrise?
This is what God wants you to do. If He is your god, you did that.
Then, you put on your clothes, you had breakfast. Did you think about the milk? It came from blood.
There is those glands in the cow that go to the blood as the source and takes out the protein, a whole bunch of vitamin, the right percentage of fat.
You know you cannot have vitamin A without fat.
The word fat has a bad meaning these days, but really you cannot have vitamin A without fat.
It is bound in the fat.
So, you have to have a percentage of it.
And those glands of the cow, God created them so they will go and get the right proportion.
This is why they supplement the milk with vitamins A and D
because the fat has to have those two vitamins, connected, bound in the fat.
Did you think about the milk?
How white it is.
The standard white is milk.
We use it as a standard for the color white.
And it came out of what? Red blood.
Did you think about this and praise God?
Was God your god?
How about the cereal where you put the milk on?
Where did it come from?
Did you think about God for the grain go in the ground, germinating,
giving you seven hundred grains or whatever of wheat or barley or oats or corn or whatever your cereal was or rice?
Did you praise God for that?
Maybe, you put some strawberries or bananas on top of the cereal or peaches.
Do you think about God's creation of the flavor, the texture, the smell, the taste?
God made those.
You finished your breakfast. Did you say Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem before you started to eat?
There is a commandment in the Quran that says do not eat from that upon which God's name was not mentioned.
It's a commandment.
And if God was your god on Saturday, last Saturday,
you said Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem before you ate.
You see, God is helping you to grow and to develop
You finished eating. You changed your clothes.
Did you think about the textiles that make up your clothes, the cotton or the wool or the plastic?
Whatever it is. God made it all.
As you dress.
I bet you forgot to thank God for the heater.
You got up and it was very cold outside. You take it for granted, you get up
you take your shower, and you do your prayers and you eat. You're not thinking that the environment in your house is perfect.
It's not too cold, not too hot.
You take it for granted, but God, God provided that.
And then you got in your car to go to work,
Did you say Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem before you started the engine?
Was God your god on Saturday?
When you came to that traffic light, you said please God keep it green, as you approached.
When you crossed on red and you saw that policeman waiting right there, did you say please God make him blind?
I mean you have to think of God the whole time. If God was your god, you'll do that.
And if God was your god, that policeman was blind. He didn't see you cross on red.
You become invisible to the police. It's true.
And during work, did you think about God?
Very important.
Because there is too much at stake.
Your happiness here now and forever depends on that.
Remember Luke 12: 29-31,
says seek God's kingship over you and everything else follows.
Everything else is fixed for you.
We are now in an era of distinction between Satan's kingdom and God's kingdom.
There's a distinction. God's kingdom is perfect.
If you want to have perfect health, perfect wealth, perfect peace of mind and happiness, you have to be in God's side.
God is running everything. It's not even funny.
He left for us just one issue to deal with: whether to be in God's kingdom or in Satan's kingdom. That's it.
The rest is not even funny. The things, the words we say.
And we are speaking from experience.
I just don't know how to express it to you that God is doing everything.
It's a very difficult concept to understand.
But first you have to believe it, then God will show you.
First, you believe. Then, God will show you and prove it to you in a very practical way, in a way that you cannot miss.
Was God your god on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday?
There's a system that you have to follow in the Quran.
Did you tell somebody, I'm gonna do something tomorrow or in two hours, without saying IN SHAA ALLAH (God willing)?
Or did you say IN SHAA ALLAH?
God willing.
Were you afraid that people may laugh at you?
Or did you say, God willing?
Did you see something you liked and you said Subhan Allah (Glory be to God)?
A flower, or the sunrise or the clouds.
You say Subhan Allah. God be glorified.
You don't have to say it in Arabic. You can say it in your language. God be glorified.
Anything that you like, your health, you're eating something and you taste how delicious it is and you enjoy it.
You thank God for the taste.
Taste, we take it for granted.
But when you taste anything, a piece of candy or a piece of meat, you thank God for it.
Jim Brady, Reagan's press secretary, when he was shot, one of the things he lost was the sense of taste.
He cannot tell fish from apple.
This is a blessing that we have and we take for granted.
When you taste anything, did you say thank you, God?
God be praised.
This is what it means, God is your god.
This is why the Quran repeats all those people who do know that God is the Creator of the Heavens and the Earth,
the one who created them, provides for them,
but God is not their god. They're going to Hell.
Why does the Quran repeat that?
You know, it's gonna take us two, or three or four months to really get into this act and really have God as our god.
And I'm counting myself for you.
This is why we have to keep reminding ourselves.
Don't feel bad that you forget
or that God was not your god in the last week.
We're gonna work on it. It's gonna take us a few months
because Satan is after us.
So, if you went through this with me and you. found that God was not your god in the last week, don't feel bad about it.
Just work on it next week.
To do that, let us repent.
Tooboo Ela Allah. (Repent)
Alhamdu Lillah, (Praise be to God)
IN SHAA ALLAH, (God willing)
There are two kinds of people in this world
and no third.
A submitter and an objector.
Every human being you look at is either a submitter or an objector.
There is no in-between.
The submitter accepts everything that God does and is happy with it.
He tells God, if this is what you want, I accept it cheerfully.
And he or she means it. They are cheerful.
They're very happy.
Remember the sign: Happiness in Submission to God.
Sometimes, I feel like putting it back, Submission instead of devotion.
Submission: accepting everything that God is doing.
The objector objects. He or she doesn't like what God is doing.
So, the rule is really very simple:
There are two kinds of people: a submitter who's always happy.
And an objector who's always miserable.
And there's no in-between.
You can also put it the other way around.
There are two kinds of people:
A continuously happy person who is a submitter
or a continuously miserable person who's an objector.
It's interchangeable. It's the same.
A submitter is always happy because he or she accepts whatever God is doing.
Whatever is happening, he or she understands that God has a good reason for it.
The objector doesn't like what God is doing
and that's too bad for the objector.
So, remember that and remember to be a submitter.
I don't know which comes first, the egg or the chicken,
but a submitter is always happy.
And the happy person is a submitter.
Now, I have a question for you.
And you can answer me. What is the longest Sura in the Quran?
Sura number 2.
And what is the name of it?
Al-Baqarah, the cow,
literally in Arabic, the cow.
Now, Sura number 2, the longest Sura in the Quran, it is full of laws,
the laws of marriage, divorce, Hajj, prayer, fasting, war, prayers.
It is full of rules and laws, but what is the name?
You know who gave the names to the Suras?
God did.
So, why did God pick out the cow?
Of all these subjects in the longest Sura in the Quran, why did God pick out this name, which is rather outlandish, the cow?
You know, the Heifer in English sounds nice... nicer,
But Al-Baqarah, it's in Arabic, the cow.
And in some translations, you've seen the cow.
Why? We have to think about it together.
Because it reflects or it teaches us total and absolute submission to God.
God told the Israelites sacrifice a cow.
They didn't say yes, Sir. They argued. What kind of cow?
And the answer came back it's a cow that is not too old, not too young.
And they said what color?
They argued back and forth.
So, it became more and more difficult for them.
But do you understand the point
why did God pick out that name for the longest Sura?
You tell the Arabs, there's not a single one here. You tell the Arabs the Wudu (ablution) is 4 steps.
They say what's wrong with 9?
You tell them God says do not make distinctions among the messengers.
They say what kind of distinction? Distinction on what?
This is why God told, the name of the cow, gave the name of the Sura as the cow.
There's a great lesson there.
When God says the Wudu is 4 steps
That's it. The Wudu is 4 steps. Yes, Sir.
And out of all the commandments in the Quran,
after the Commandment Do not make distinctions among the messengers.
God says the believers will say we hear and we obey.
They don't argue back.
They don't say distinction in what?
They all say that distinction is what?
They're insisting on going to hell.
So, God is teaching us very early in the Quran,
that whatever He says, we say yes, Sir.
And we do it.
Without argument.