[18:98] ... dam to crumble. The prophecy of my Lord is truth."
[18:99] On that day, we will let them invade with one another, then the horn will be blown, and we will summon them all together.
Parivash: Rashad, which page is this?
Dr. Khalifa: This verse is 304.
This verse talks about the end of the world.
Parivash: 304.
Dr. Khalifa: The last prophecy in the Quran before the end of the world are Gog and Magog.
You need a baby.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
The last prophecy is Gog and Magog on the...it's going to happen on 17... 1700 lunar date.
2271.
The year 2271, because if you go to Gog and Magog it is in verse 94.
If you count the verses to the end of the Sura, it comes to 17, 17 centuries from the revelation of the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: The only other mention of Gog and Magog is in Sura 21, also 17 verses from the end.
A woman: Rashad, how do you know that the end of the world is coming 9 years after the 17th century?
Dr. Khalifa: Because the end of the world is 1709, 1710 actually.
A woman: Where does that extra 10 years come from? Where does it...
Dr. Khalifa: When you see page 305, at the top K.H.Y.'A.S.
Ok. If you add the value of all these letters in the Quran, it comes to 1709.
And they determine the length of time from the revelation of the Quran to the end of the world.
You have to read the appendix on "the end of the world." I think it is appendix 25.
Dr. Khalifa: Huh? A woman: 25. Dr. Khalifa: 25.
Dr. Khalifa: So, 1709 means the length of time from the Quran to the end of the world which
1709 will be completed to the end of coming 1710, which is a multiple of 19.
You have to give this kid up for adoption.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, I'll take him.
A man: That's 300 lunar years from now.
Dr. Khalifa: 309.
Yes, from now. Yes.
Feroz: Rashad, because both of these Gog and Magog are mentioned 17 verses before the end of the chapters,
could it also mean that 17 years before the end of the world it is coming?
Dr. Khalifa: No, 17 centuries because you put all the pieces together, this is what you come up with.
So 99 says on that day we will let them mingle with one another.
[18:99] On that day, we will let them invade with one another, ...
This is Gog and Magog will be two vast countries or nations or communities.
It will look like the spread of true Islam around the world. So, they will attack.
God will not let them prevail.
So then, the world, the earth will blow up.
In other words, you can think of God personally coming to intervene in this.
And when God comes to this world, the whole thing will blow up.
[18:100] We will present Hell, on that day, to the disbelievers.
It is consistent with the rest of the Quran where God says "Hell will be created on the Day of Judgment."
There is no Hell now. This is why the unrighteous die because they wait until Hell is created.
They see it. God shows it to them in a nightmare, as you see in Sura 40.
Heaven already exists. So, for the righteous, they don't wait. They go straight to Heaven.
101
[18:101] They are the ones whose eyes were too veiled to see My message. Nor could they hear.
There is something very important now that's developing. I think Edip (unintelligible).
And that's the word used for message here is Zikr.
And we're coming to the realization that Zikr means the mathematical code of the Quran, specifically.
A man: The Arabic word Zikr. Dr. Khalifa: Zikr.
Dr. Khalifa: Because if you look at Sura 38, this is our reason.
This is how it all started to develop.
And it makes perfect sense.
Look at it. page, page look at it, 453.
Habib, do you wanna...there's two copies of the Quran there, one for your dad, one for your sister. Ok.
Notice that verse 1 says
[38:1] S. (Saad),* and the Quran that contains the message.
In Arabic, it says, (38:1) صٓ ۚ وَٱلْقُرْءَانِ ذِى ٱلذِّكْرِ
In other words, the Quran that contains something in it.
And it's called Zikr. What is the something that is contained in the Quran? It's the mathematical miracle.
And it's in verse, in Sura 38.
And it begins with a letter Saad. Get another one.
There's more of this.
Oh, you have two? Yeah. Okay, good. That's good.
You're hiding the other one under you. All good.
Zebran, your mom was missing you.
I have to teach her to expect only great things.
She get used to that.
She was not missing you?
Of course not.
Dr. Khalifa: You are having fun. Where is Hanan?
A woman: He's over there. Dr. Khalifa: Oh, there he is.
Dr. Khalifa: How can you stay apart from him, actually?
A woman: He doesn't want to be with me.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, I see.
A woman: Dr. Khalifa, I have four kids. He's adopted.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: As long as you can see him, you can have fun.
Feroz: It's 15:9. Sura 15, verse 9. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
(15:9) إِنَّا نَحْنُ نَزَّلْنَا ٱلذِّكْرَ وَإِنَّا لَهُۥ لَحَـٰفِظُونَ
Dr. Khalifa: Edip doesn't like that.
Edip wants to...He doesn't want to touch the idea that the Quran may not be completely preserved.
But anyway, a Zikr. Also, when God speaks about the number 19, He says, this is Zikra (ذِكْرَىٰ).
(74:31) إِلَّا ذِكْرَىٰ لِلْبَشَرِ
Dr. Khalifa: So now, if you look at this verse here,
Edip: Rashad
Dr. Khalifa: On that day... God says,
[18:101] They are the ones whose eyes were too veiled to see My ...
mathematical code.
Edip: Well, that's stated in 15:9 Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Edip: (15:9) إِنَّا نَحْنُ نَزَّلْنَا ٱلذِّكْرَ وَإِنَّا لَهُۥ لَحَـٰفِظُونَ
Edip: We accept this given a miracle, mathematical structure of Quran.
The mathematical structure of Quran, until now, we know it covers all verses, even letters,
words, and the things that we never know, we didn't discover yet.
And for this reason, when Quran is a Zikr, Quran is a Zikr, this mathematical structure,
that means that even if we accept that this mathematical structure has been preserved by God, this covers the whole Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and guarantees its preservation.
Edip: Yes, it doesn't, it's just that something that, for example, these two verses, does not belong to the mathematical structure.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we want to close the... a little bit, because they are too noisy.
Okay, Edip, So...
This (18:101) ٱلَّذِينَ كَانَتْ أَعْيُنُهُمْ فِى غِطَآءٍ عَن ذِكْرِى
seems like the mathematical code fits perfectly here.
But those people just cannot see the miracle, no matter how gigantic it is.
A woman: (unintelligible) "and the Quran, that contains the Zikr" which means...
Dr. Khalifa: mathematical code. A woman: mathematical code.
Edip: This is the verse 8 that (38:8) أَءُنزِلَ عَلَيْهِ ٱلذِّكْرُ مِنۢ بَيْنِنَا
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, that, too. Edip: (unintelligible) Zikr
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Verse 38:8 (unintelligible)? Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: This is you, then. I thought they were talking about this one, isn't it?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the whole, the whole verse is talking about how they can't, why the (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Why... Edip: Because it's miracle. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: Why didn't the message come down to them, instead of...
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, this actually happens. This is actually what they say. A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we're getting to this understanding now.
So, 101 says,
[18:101] They are the ones whose eyes were too veiled to see My message. ...
or my mathematical code, or my miracle. You can think of it in any of these terms.
[18:101] ... Nor could they hear.
This will be reflected in the new translation, IN SHAA ALLAH, in new edition.
102.
[18:102] Did those who disbelieve think that they could get away with setting up My servants as gods besides Me? ...
My servants, meaning Jesus, Muhammad, Mary, Hussein, Ali.
A man: Rashad, Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: When you say (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Right.
A man: So, you're not gonna, you're not gonna disregard that. It would be off. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: I just couldn't (unintelligible) where the word Zikr was pointing out, that it is not the Quran.
A man: So, it's the message as well as the code. Its main...
Dr. Khalifa: With a strong leaning to the code. Because, look at 26, for example. Sura 26.
If you open that subject, I'll give you more evidence that it may actually be the mathematical code, specifically.
A man: Rashad,
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 26, at the beginning.
Verse 5.
[26:5] Whenever a Zikr comes to them from the Most Gracious, they turn away from it.
Let's look at Sura 21, the beginning of 21.
Verse 2 says,
[21:2] Whenever a Zikr comes to them from their Lord, which is new, they listen to it heedlessly.
The same word is used, Zikr.
21:2
(21:2) مَا يَأْتِيهِم مِّن ذِكْرٍۢ مِّن رَّبِّهِم مُّحْدَثٍ
New Zikr. New evidence. New proof.
A man: But message has... the word Zikr can mean, in Arabic, message or code or coded message? Dr. Khalifa: Reminder, specifically.
Dr. Khalifa: Specifically a reminder. A man: reminder.
A man: which we (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Edip: I think, how do you say it, specify with a mathematical code, these,
Edip: versus, as in the 14 century (unintelligible), people at that time, they couldn't see this miracle. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Edip: And God blames those people that they do not understand or see this Zikr.
And that's...
Dr. Khalifa: You mean, we're supposed to know nothing more than the people of the first generation? Edip: No, no, no, but...
Edip: I know, but they are the ones whose eyes was too veiled to see, for example, mathematical. If you say this, we have to accuse all...
Dr. Khalifa: I say this to us.
Edip: Excuse me?
Dr. Khalifa: I say this to just us, to the people who saw the mathematical code now.
Dr. Khalifa: How do you explain the Arabs' failure to see the mathematical code?
Edip: (unintelligible)
[18:102] Did those who disbelieve think that they could get away with setting up My servants as gods besides Me? We have prepared for the disbelievers Hell as an eternal abode.
[18:103] ... "Shall I tell you who the worst losers are?
[18:104] "They are the ones whose works in this life are totally astray, but they think that they are doing good."
Those are the worst losers.
So, you better make sure that you're worshipping God alone and devoted to God alone.
This is the criterion.
We were talking about this the other day, and we said you have to assume that you're no good.
I'm trying to prove that. If you fail, then you're okay.
Okay, let's take two people. One says "La Elaha Ella Allah", and the other says "La Elaha Ella Allah, Muhammad Rasulullah."
Which one is more likely to fall in idol worship?
A woman: The one who says "La Elaha Ella Allah, Muhammad Rasulullah."
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Which one is more likely to be accused of putting something with God?
Dr. Khalifa: The one who says "La Elaha Ella Allah, Muhammad Rasulullah" may be perfectly alright.
Maybe, maybe perfectly alright, but that's a maybe.
But the one who says "La Elaha Ella Allah", there's no chance of accusing him or her of being, of putting idols next to God.
You say "God alone"
"God and Muhammad." "God and Jesus."
"God and Moses." "God and Mary."
Only the person who says "God alone" is safe.
And they think they're okay. They think they're right. Those are the worst losers, because on the Day of Judgment, not the Day of Judgment, on the day they die, it's a terrible surprise.
The angels come to beat him up, he says "what do you mean? I was good."
So, it's gonna be a terrible surprise. This is why God calls them "the worst losers."
A man: (unintelligible) according to Quran?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, and your work will be in vain.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) You'd be the nicest person in the world. You'd be charitable. You're very nice. You never hurt a fly.
And you go to Hell.
Parivash: Rashad, maybe God... Dr. Khalifa: Because your work is in vain.
Parivash: (unintelligible). No?
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) It's in vain. It's totally in vain.
But this life, there are certain guarantees in this life anyway for the believer and the disbeliever.
Remember Abraham said "provide only for those who believe in God and the last day"?
And God said "no, I will provides for everybody, believer and disbeliever."
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Because it's a test. You have to provide all the...
So, on the Day of Judgment, they do not say "oh, I didn't believe because I didn't have any money."
A man: Isn't it so that actually when you refuse to believe, it's like you are completely rejecting where you come from? In a sense.
A man: Our soul, we come from the world of...
Dr. Khalifa: No, when you refuse to believe, you're making a choice. You are given God's message, the day you were born. And you're given Satan's message.
And you make a choice.
Dr. Khalifa: And you chose Satan's message. Therefore, you belong with him. A man: Yes. Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: It's very simple, really.
105,
[18:105] Such are the ones who disbelieved in the revelations of their Lord and in meeting Him. Therefore, their works are in vain; ...
We just spoke about that.
[18:105] ... on the Day of Resurrection, they have no weight.
See, Behrouz, they can be very nice and very righteous, but if they don't believe in God,
and their soul is emanated from God, then the soul will not grow. So, they have no weight.
They went to the WeightWatchers in Hereafter.
...of the Hereafter, the WeightWatchers of Hereafter.
Dr. Khalifa: You're supposed to go to the WeightWatchers of this world.
A man: WeightWatchers, Soul Watchers.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, Soul Watchers.
You're supposed to go to WeightWatchers. We are WeightWatchers of the soul.
And we make it as fast as can be.
We give you so many calories, like we're doing now.
We have the fattest soul in the universe, I think.
Alhamdu Lillah
[18:105] ... Therefore, their works will be in vain; on the Day of Resurrection, they have no weight.
So, there'll be a weighing day on the Day of Judgment.
See who weighs, who is the heaviest.
And this is repeated throughout the Quran. Huh?
A woman: We are fat and beautiful. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, fat and beautiful.
106,
[18:106] Their just requital is Hell, in return for their disbelief, and for mocking My revelations and My messengers.
[18:107] As for those who believe and lead a righteous life they have deserved a blissful Paradise as their abode.
[18:108] Forever they abide therein; they will never want any other substitute.
I mean, the choice is so glaring, so fantastic.
And what is needed is so simple.
What is needed is what is good for us.
Do the five prayers, the Fasting of Ramadan, all these are designed for our physical and spiritual improvement.
You get up before sunrise, you do the Morning Prayer, and you finish... by the time it's 8 o'clock,
you finish more work than others do by 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
And 9 o'clock or 10 o'clock, especially on Sunday.
10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, you see your neighbor coming out to get the paper.
Very sleepy.
Tumbling around.
But you've been out for 6 hours already.
I think we've discussed all the physical benefits of getting up and doing the Five Prayers.
The Quran: Everything We Need
[18:109] Say, "If the ocean were ink for the words of my Lord, the ocean would run out, before the words of my Lord run out, even if we double the ink supply."
These two verses have to do with Quran versus Quran and Hadith.
God gave us the Quran and He gave us everything we need here, everything that's relevant to our eternal life.
You see, when God tells us that the Wudu, the Ablution is four steps, He didn't run out of words.
If He wanted us to do 9 steps as the regular Muslims do, He would have told us the 9 steps.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Only the verses, the end of the verses were marked. That's it.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: These dots and dashes and things and commas in the Quran, they did not exist.
Maybe he was wondering if they existed in the past.
Ihsan has a very good argument about this.
The people who challenge God and say "if the Quran is complete and perfect like God claims, where is the prayer, the details of the prayer?"
But she always asks them "you mean, if the details of the Prayer were in the Quran, perfectly stated here, will you follow them?"
They say "of course, we'll follow them." She said "okay, let's go to the first step of the Prayer, the Wudu."
"Here it is. God tells us it's the 4 step. How many do you do? Do you follow this?"
Very smart.
Yeah? It's a wonderful argument.
It's so short.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
Dr. Khalifa: Right, but how do you come up with this idea? Mã Shã Allãh.
Wonderful.
Parivash: One thing, I found that (unintelligible) is Shia. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Parivash: Because all of them, they believe that if you say "Amen" in Salat, it destroys your Salat, if you say "Amen." And it's true. Dr. Khalifa: Oh, wonderful. Yes.
Parivash: Yeah, but, when we ask them, for example, if "Amen" is bad or good, they say "no, Amen is very good because it's Du'a."
Parivash: "And when we have to do (2:201) رَبَّنَآ ءَاتِنَا when they say "what is wrong with Rabbana, you are too far, because Rabbana, all this is good things."
And I ask them "okay, what's Amen? Amen in my language is very good. Is it bad?"
They say "no."
I say "Why? Amen destroys the Salat", but they're adding the Muhammad and the (112:1) قُلْ هُوَ ٱللَّهُ
Parivash: and the (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Parivash: They don't have any answer. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: They have no argument.
A man: (unintelligible) in Arabic.
Dr. Khalifa: Who was he? Who?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Someone is asking "why do the Fãtehah in Arabic, you know, it's so difficult?
Dr. Khalifa: so difficult for the...
A man: "Why not Sura? Why don't you read Sura after Al-Fãtehah?"
A man: I tell them "you have to look at the plan of the universal religion. Everybody has to learn Al-Fãtehah and have to do it exactly the same way."
A man: "You put other Suras, but let me give you examples."
A man: One example is very easy to learn. And I told Sarah, I said "Sarah, can you recite Sura Al-Fãtehah?"
A man: And she recited to the woman. She doesn't speak Arabic. She's a child. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible) Sura Al-Fãtehah. Dr. Khalifa: Perfect.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: If you read anything after Al-Fãtehah, Al-Hamd, what will you read? And who's gonna pick out what?
Dr. Khalifa: There are so many... A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: The Jaffars don't know it yet, but there are some new revelations, this is part of it,
that pin down what to read in every Rak'a of the 17 Rak'as of the day.
And it is only Sura 1, nothing else.
So, IN SHAA ALLAH, after you rest, take a nap, enjoy and come back tomorrow, we'll go through it.
God taught us exactly what to read in every single unit of the Prayer.
The last verse, 110, says, do not follow Hadith.
[18:110] Say, "I am no more than a human like you, being inspired that your god is one god. Those who hope to meet their Lord shall work righteousness, and never worship any other god beside his Lord."
It says... In other words, this verse is saying, I'm a human being like you, do not idolize me.
This is the... The Prophet Muhammad is being idolized against his will, and Jesus and Mary are the same.
They're being idolized against their will.
So, this is our one page, afternoon, Quranic study.
Dr. Khalifa: Congratulations. A woman: Congratulations.
Dr. Khalifa: But the floor is open for general discussions.
A man: What is the difference between lord and small god?
Dr. Khalifa: Lord is referred to God with a capital L and it's Rab (رَبّ). But if it's with a small l, it is like this, god with a small g.
Dr. Khalifa: Right? A man: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) also.
Dr. Khalifa: Sometimes it is said that they made their priests from...
Behrouz: Sometimes the pronouns, it's "I" subject "I" sometimes "we". Why? (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: "We" means the angels participated.
Dr. Khalifa: It means God and the angels.
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: "I" means God alone.
Dr. Khalifa: I thought Leila went to San Francisco yesterday. Leila: No, not yet.
Dr. Khalifa: Are you going today?
Leila: Tomorrow.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, tomorrow. That's good.
Dr. Khalifa: What, what was the question again? Oh, Rab (رَبّ), Lord.
And the question on "I" and "we."
Like what God says "we revealed this scripture, and we will preserve it."
Because Gabriel participated in the process of revelation.
And "we will preserve it" because the angels are making sure that nobody will tamper with it.
And this is generally the rule.
The one part that confuses a lot of people is "we saw the angels fall prostrate before Adam."
I hear this question more often than anything else.
"We saw the angels fall prostrate before Adam."
"So, how can it include the angels?"
They don't understand that the number of angels is...
Even the angels don't know how many angels there are. There are so many of them.
Their number is so vast.
What happened was God saw the leaders of the angels.
"I wants all the angels to fall prostrate when Adam stands up."
"When I blow into him from My spirit and he stands up alive from mud to a living person, I want all the angels to prostrate."
So, the angels went and saw the rest of the angels. That's when this happened.
"God wants us all to fall prostrate."
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's still "we."
A man: God called Archangels and the Archangels called the angels.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Behrouz: And I have been told (unintelligible).
And they say that the name of God is not God. It's Allah is the name.
And that in translation, it should be Allah.
Behrouz: Because that's His name. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Behrouz: And it should not be the name of God, actually.
Dr. Khalifa: So why do you translate? Why do you translate this?
In the name of...
Dr. Khalifa: You either speak in English or speak in Arabic.
Behrouz: Yes, but I mean the name for instance. (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible)
Behrouz: Yes, but Allah is Allah. This is what I say.
Dr. Khalifa: Allah is not a name.
Behrouz: Ha, it's not a name. Dr. Khalifa: No.
Behrouz: So, they're wrong. They say that Allah is a name. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: The Christians in the Arab world say "Allah."
Edip: But all good names are for God.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Edip: The name is the name you call for Him.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. It's not a name.
Edip: The name in the scripture. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: "Allah" means literally the one God.
"Allah" means the one God.
I hear this a lot, also. But it's very stupid excuse.
And you look at some translations.
"In the name of Allah, the Rahman, the Rahim."
Give this to any American and have him figure it out.
A woman: That's (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Behrouz: When you add up the gematrical value of (unintelligible) (1:7) ٱلْمَغْضُوبِ عَلَيْهِمْ
Behrouz: 800 ض. What is ض? Dr. Khalifa: 800
Behrouz: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: One is heavier than the other one?
A woman: Rashad, (unintelligible) it's part of the infinity of Allah, that Allah is infinite. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No. This is true, the true statement.
Behrouz: Rashad, one subject is really very confusing, especially from (unintelligible) disbelievers (unintelligible). God created the earth, then...
Dr. Khalifa: Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3 Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ella Allah
Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ We seek refuge in God from Satan, the rejected.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
Tonight, we start at Sura 81. And our teacher is Edip.
He's gonna start right away. Go ahead.
Edip: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
[81:1] When the sun is rolled. [81:2] The stars are crashed into each other.
[81:3] The mountains are wiped out. [81:4] The reproduction is halted.
[81:5] The beasts are summoned. [81:6] The oceans are set aflame.
[81:7] The souls are restored to their bodies. [81:8] The girl who was buried alive is asked:
[81:9] For what crime was she killed? [81:10] The records are made known.
[81:11] The heaven is removed. [81:12] Hell is ignited.
[81:13] Paradise is presented. [81:14] Every soul will know everything it brought.
Here, there is a general description of end of the world
and Resurrection. But, I think there is no sequence between these events, only description of both events, of both 2 events.
God's Messenger of the Covenant
[81:15] I solemnly ...
Dr. Khalifa: You don't explain the stars crashing into each other?
"The sun is rolled." We're not gonna let you get away with it. You have to explain.
Dr. Khalifa: We can read it.
Edip: Yes, I know, but it is so obvious. What can I say?
Dr. Khalifa: [81:3] The mountains are wiped out.
Edip: Yes, because the harmony, the system will be collapsed.
Edip: And there will be no gravitation. There will be no any system. And everything will collapse, will crash into each other.
And these are description of end of the world.
Edip: Very obvious.
Dr. Khalifa: So, there will be an implosion.
Edip: What?
Dr. Khalifa: There will be an implosion. That sounds like it The stars will crash into each other.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't wanna give you a rough time.
Edip: No, no, no, I don't worry.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. In Sura 39, it says "we're gonna fold the heavens like folding of a book. This is it.
So, it's an implosion. They actually are expecting an implosion.
Edip: There are two theories about end of this universe, scientific theories.
According to them, one option, the universe is expanding.
If the expand speed is more than a critical point, the universe cannot come together.
How do you say it, forever it will expand and...
But another theory is the maximum speed is below the critical point, and then after a while, many years later,
they say thousands years or billions years later, they will come together.
For example, if you threw a stone from the earth more than 11 km per second, if its speed 11 km, more than 11 km per second,
this stone will not come back to the earth. But if the stone, if the speed of the stone
is less than 11 km per second, it will come back many kilometers later, it will stop and then will fall on the earth.
This is gravity law.
And now from Quran, we understand, we know that the second theory will occur.
Edip: This theory is called as, what is the opposite of open?
Dr. Khalifa: Implodes
Edip: Implode. Yes. Universal Theory.
Dr. Khalifa: But what is the Quran's theory?
Edip: Quran's theory is implosion.
They will come together like the paper of the book.
And yes, this is the description of implosion.
Dr. Khalifa: Why will it happen?
Edip: Creation with explosion, what?
Dr. Khalifa: Why will the implosion happen?
Edip: Because God will say "be and it will be."
Dr. Khalifa: No. It's not just that.
Anybody wants to...
(unintelligible), yeah, Emily.
Edip: God will come. Dr. Khalifa: Yes, there you go.
Dr. Khalifa: You have to speak fast.
Emily: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, now, so now, we are talking. So, this implosion will happen because...
Edip: God...
Dr. Khalifa: God will physically come to this universe.
Edip: God's physical existence, when God comes, this universe cannot stand for God's physical existence and then they will explode.
Implode.
Edip: Do you have any question about this part?
Edip: If you ask, we can explain, but...
Dr. Khalifa: Boy, it's like pulling teeth, you know. He's got the information there, but you have to pull it out.
Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, do ask him questions.
A woman: I have a question about verse 8 and 9.
Edip: [81:8] The girl who was buried alive is asked: [81:9] For what crime was she killed?
From Quran we learn that Arabs, they were immolating women and they were not glad with the girls when they see girl as a baby.
They didn't want girls and they were killing them.
And this was a very great crime of them.
And also now we can see the extension of this understanding.
In many places in the world, girls are also the second, girls are the second class of human beings.
And I think killing of girls was because of economy.
Boys, when they become adults, they could gain money or they could work, but girls at that time, they couldn't do.
And this was one of the reasons.
A man: (unintelligible)
Edip: What?
A man: (unintelligible)
Edip: Summoned. The beasts are...
Dr. Khalifa: (81:5) وَإِذَا ٱلْوُحُوشُ حُشِرَتْ
Edip: (81:5) وَإِذَا ٱلْوُحُوشُ حُشِرَتْ
Dr. Khalifa: He's waiting.
Edip: Yes.
Edip: What's your question, brother?
A man: (unintelligible) Edip: Why?
A man: Are the beasts called to work? (unintelligible) They are called work. To what's that referred?
Edip: There are two ways to interpret, to understand this.
One way, the beast, when a big event, explosion or a great shock happens, from fear they come together.
They will come together. This may be expression of this event or in Hereafter, God also will resurrect all animals.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, the second interpretation is correct. Because in Sura 6, verse 38, you can see that, that... Remember?
(6:38) ثُمَّ إِلَىٰ رَبِّهِمْ يُحْشَرُونَ
Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's the same word being used that all the animals will be resurrected and will be gathered on the Day of Resurrection.
A man: I also have a comment.
Dr. Khalifa: So, if you had a pet or anything, you will meet them all on the Day of Judgement.
A man: I have a comment which I'm not sure is accurate.
Because of my unfamiliarity with the Quran, (unintelligible)
The first two verses sound very similar also to what is described as a black hole,
where a star changes its size very quickly and then shrinks and the gravitational mass becomes
so great that it actually swallows the star.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, the black hole phenomenon is a minute representation of this. This is a universal black hole.
It's similar to it.
But I wanna go back to the 8 and 9 that Beth was asking about.
I don't like to depress you, but this is actually still happening in Saudi Arabia today.
I call it a cultural disaster.
And this is why when they walk into this mosque, they're shocked to see a woman's hair.
And they run away.
I mean, they cover up the women and they regard them in such a disastrous way that they used to kill the baby girls in the past.
And I had a Saudi friend 10 years ago who went back to Saudi Arabia and he came back.
He was almost crying. He said "you can find baby girls in garbage bins now."
He was from Medina, in the Prophet's city.
It's very depressing, but... This is what I call... I mean,
How will you change a cultural behavior like that?
If the Quran didn't do it, what is going to do it?
But this will make you understand why they are shocked when they walk in here.
And they make up stories like in Masjid Tucson, the men and the women pray side by side, which is not true.
And they make up things like the women lead the prayer at Masjid Tucson.
It's just they have this severe complex.
That even today these things happen. They don't have accurate records of pregnancies or even births in Saudi Arabia.
So, this is why it is significant that it is mentioned in this Sura, and mentioned in other places in the Quran.
[81:8] The girl who was buried alive is asked: [81:9] For what crime was she killed?
And of course, the hint is for those who commit this horrendous crime.
It's a demonstration of stupidity.
So, believers don't have that.
I come across believers once in a while who prefer to have a son over a daughter.
And I really suck in to them when they come up with that.
Because there is no, there is no preference whatsoever, I mean, as far as God is concerned.
It may even be the other way around.
In fact, there are sayings, I think here in the States, maybe, even other countries also,
that say, what, "the girl brings a son, but the son is taken away by his wife", something to that effect.
A woman: "When your son marries, you lose a son, when your daughter marries, you gain a son."
Dr. Khalifa: Right, something like that. I've heard it said in different ways, said in different ways.
Dr. Khalifa: So,...
A woman: Also, (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It should be brought out. A woman: Yeah, it should be brought out. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's such a horrendous crime that the Quran gives it a lot of attention.
It also reflects the kind of mentality that exists there, even now.
Any comments? Lisa.
Lisa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly, yes, exactly. I'm glad you mentioned that.
Yeah, even the women who survive, they're actually buried alive. The way they demand that they're covered up this way.
Ismail just came from Iran. And how does the streets look like?
The ladies, they have to be covered up.
Is there... How is the society in general accepting?
Dr. Khalifa: Is there any kind of opinion amongst society?
Ismail: There are some (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Is it a widespread opinion or is it just limited to the people? Are the people accepting it?
Like, just like the ladies who used to walk in the streets in European clothes.
Now they have to cover up in this black stuff.
Ismail: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: So, they are...
Dr. Khalifa: They're forced because otherwise they'll be killed.
Dr. Khalifa: So, did you hear over there?
Ismail says that there is rebellion against this forced dress in Iran, but they can do nothing about it. If they speak up, they'll be killed.
So, it is a terrible oppression. This is a form of burial. They're being buried alive.
What's her name? 60 Minutes?
What's her name? Diane Sawyer?
Diane Sawyer went to Iran and she had to, before the plane landed in Iran, she had to cover up her hair. And she made a big deal out of this.
And it's a double standard. Go ahead.
Douglas: In the process of writing a paper, (unintelligible)
Douglas: I was shocked to find out that even today, certain so-called Muslim countries (unintelligible) just out of sheer suspicion of (unintelligible) the house
Douglas: (unintelligible) their wives.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh yeah, or daughters.
Douglas: (unintelligible) trying to rationalize (unintelligible)
Douglas: Their husbands would say "I don't want you to do something wrong." He would murder his wife or throw her out. (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I have on my desk a piece of news from the Arizona newspaper,
where in Iran they ordered, no, no, excuse me, in Pakistan, a judge ordered the execution of 6 people because of sex crimes.
This is the headline.
And when you read the article, you find out that this lady didn't like her husband, so she left him.
Of course, according to the Quran, marriage is a contract between two people, and once out, the contract is invalid anymore.
But they don't give this right to the woman, according to the so-called Islamic Shari'a.
So, I don't know how many months or years later she married somebody else.
Now, her former husband complained, and they ruled that she and her new husband have committed adultery.
So, the judge ordered them stoned to death.
And 4 of their friends, also stoned to death, because they knew about it.
I have this on my desk. If you don't believe it, you can read it later.
This is the kind of mentality that is...
Where their women are oppressed.
And we read in Sura 28 that God feels for the oppressed, and He makes it up to them.
According to Hadith and Sunnah, the majority of inhabitants of Hell are women.
But I'm convinced that the opposite is true, because of the oppression that they undergo.
When I served in Saudi Arabia for the United Nations, I came across a daily program where people send messages.
And most of these messages were from women.
I'm telling you, I cried. I actually cried listening to that program.
Because a typical story will be a woman whose husband disappeared for six months or a year.
She doesn't know where he is.
She's grounded in the apartment or the house or the place that's assigned for her.
And her in-laws bring whatever food or whatever that keeps her alive.
She never leaves the place. It's just like a prison.
And this is a typical story.
And she's asking for help.
Obviously, she snuck out a letter to that radio program.
So, it is a tragic situation. And...
I guess abandoning the Quran is one of the reasons for this happening.
Any other comments or questions?
I just want you to know what is happening over there because...
So, we can thank God for the freedom we have here and the ability to practice the Quran.
Edip, back to Edip.
Dr. Khalifa: Verse 15?
Edip: Yes, verse 15.
God's Messenger of the Covenant
[81:15] I solemnly swear by the galaxies. [81:16] Precisely running in their orbits.
[81:17] By the night as it falls. [81:18] And the morning as it breathes.
[81:19] This is the utterance of an honorable messenger. *
[81:20] Authorized by the Possessor of the Throne, fully supported.
[81:21] He shall be obeyed and trusted.
[81:22] Your friend (Rashad) is not crazy.
[81:23] He saw him at the high horizon. *
[81:24] He is not holding back any news.
[81:25] It is not the talk of a rejected devil.
[81:26] Now then, where will you go?
[81:27] This is a message to all the people.
[81:28] For those who wish to go straight.
[81:29] Whatever you will is in accordance with the will of GOD, Lord of the universe.
Look at the footnotes.
At the footnote,
If you add the number of the chapter plus Rashad, gematrical value of Rashad (505) and Khalifa (725),
you'll find it divisible by 19.
And this refers to the message.
Because in verse 27, God says, This is a message to all the people.
(81:27) إِنْ هُوَ إِلَّا ذِكْرٌۭ لِّلْعَـٰلَمِينَ
[81:27] This is a message to all the people.
And it describes Rashad's experience.
Edip: How many years ago?
Dr. Khalifa: 1971
Edip: In 1971, when he was in Medina, in Mecca, he had an experience, a visual experience.
And this is a description of this event.
Dr. Khalifa: I think if you go to this appendix 2,
Dr. Khalifa: page 643. Edip: In Appendix 2, there is a reference you have now.
Edip: Now, in chapter 3, verse 81, you will see the prophecy about God's Messenger of the Covenant.
And if you add them to the gematrical value of Rashad and Khalifa, you'll find 1311, which is a multiple of 19.
And this Sura has number of 81.
And you'll find in verse 19, God describes the messenger.
And also, if you add them up, it's also divisible by 19.
Dr. Khalifa: This is, of course, very embarrassing to me, but I can't afford to hold back any of this.
It's mainly for the future generation.
Our generation may not be able to stand this kind of news.
As for our people, God snuck it on us gradually, very slowly.
So, we are able to stand it.
But it really is an awesome responsibility.
I wanna read with you page 643.
Why 81?
I want to spare Edip of shyness.
Verse 81 & Sura 81. Number 16 here says, God’s Messenger of the Covenant is prophesied in Verse 81 of Sura 3.
The addition of the gematrical value of “Rashad” (505), plus the gematrical value of “Khalifa” (725), plus the Verse number (81), produces 505 + 725 + 81 = 1311 = 19x69.
Number 17, If we look at Sura 81, which is what we're studying tonight, we read about a messenger of God who is powerfully supported and authorized by the Almighty, as we see in verse 19.
Thus, Verse 81 of Sura 3, and Sura 81, Verse 19 are strongly connected with the name “Rashad Khalifa.”
As you know, when the first hint came out in the first translation, authorized English version, a lot of people were up in arms, you know.
"Why authorized? Who authorized this?"
But the verse in Arabic here, verse 20, is very clear.
[81:20] Authorized by the Possessor of the Throne, fully supported.
And now we have these mathematical proofs, Quranic and mathematical.
Number 18 on page 643 says, If we add the Sura numbers plus the number of verses from the beginning of the Quran to Verse 3:81,
where the Messenger of the Covenant is prophesied, the total comes to 380, 19x20. These are shown in Table 6.
Do you understand this number 18?
You take the Sura numbers and the number of verses from the beginning of the Quran
to the place where the Messenger of the Covenant is prophesied.
And this gives us 380, a multiple of 19.
And as you know, 19 is our generation's sign.
Number 19 says, The gematrical value of Verse 3:81 is 13148, 19x692. This value is obtained by adding the gematrical values of every letter in the verse.
Number 20, if we look at that portion of Verse 3:81 which refers specifically to the messenger of the Covenant:
I have it here in Arabic. It says, “A messenger will come to you, confirming what you have,”
we find that the gematrical value of this key phrase is 836, 19x44.
So, this is the connection with Sura 81.
This is why I couldn't afford or to avoid writing in verse 22, put the name Rashad in parentheses there, verse 22.
And some of you are familiar with the initial announcement. Excuse me for doing this.
But I just can't afford to hold back.
Those of you who are not familiar with that momentous night, I'd be glad to go over it with you again.
And if you find that this is not acceptable, I don't blame you.
It is very difficult, very difficult to accept.
But I will be very happy to discuss it with you if you have any reservations.
And like I said, this is for the future generations.
It'll be easier for them.
I have to share with you a story that will please the believers.
We were staying at Farima and Amir Kulani in San Francisco, and they have two children.
Shaliz, she's 8 years old, and Paris, he's 6 or 7.
After two days of staying there, the neighbor's kids came to the house and asked "where is God's messenger?"
Apparently that the Farima and Amir's children were going to the neighbor's saying,
"Guess who's sleeping in our house?"
And it just reflected how it will be a lot easier for the new generation because
they don't have the holdbacks or the hang-ups that we have.
They will grow up and they will look at the whole story objectively.
They will look at the proofs objectively without anything holding them back.
So, it pleases us to see the people, the new generation.
So, this here, if you'll excuse me for putting it in, it is for the new generations.
And I hope most of you will understand anyway.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, back to Edip.
Edip: Do you have any questions about this part?
Dr. Khalifa: If you have any questions, don't be shy because you have to bring out all the any doubts and kill them.
Yes.
It's interesting that they find some of these things happening without me paying attention, like
[81:24] He is not holding back any news.
[81:24] He is not holding back any news.
Because I'm not holding back anything. I want everything to be clear in the open.
And then I read the verse and I say "yeah, this is what is happening."
And the point that Lisa raised of obey and trust,
[81:21] He shall be obeyed and trusted.
it is not the person.
It's obey and trust because we're receiving information from God.
This is why God ties the commandment of obeying God and obeying the messenger together throughout Quran
because I'm just as excited as you when we receive new information.
You know, that straightened everything that we were doing.
We were doing lots of things wrong and God's mercy sees to it that we changed our ways to the correct way.
So, this is where obeying and trusting comes.
[81:22] Your friend (Rashad) is not crazy.
This ties in with the other statement. The Quran says "I've lived with you many years."
In other words, this is a quotation in the Quran. Do you remember it?
I forget where it is exactly.
But what it says is that here's a person who's been with you for many years and you know he's not crazy.
Because a person who is not a messenger of God, who claims to be a messenger of God, will have to be crazy. If he's not a messenger,
he'll be a person who has no belief that he will meet God someday and will be asked by God about everything he's doing.
Or he's a person who doesn't just have any mental capacity whatsoever.
And the statement that "I've lived with you many years" is because, you know, I got to know you, we know each other,
and obviously I'm not crazy or mentally retarded or any any...
So this statement,
[81:22] Your friend (Rashad) is not crazy.
is, ties in with that I stayed with you for a number of years.
It is God's design to appoint messengers after the age of 40.
This has been consistent except with the Prophet Jesus for special reasons.
But every messenger was appointed after the age of 40. So, he lived among his people for 40 years.
They knew him as a normal person who was a merchant or a shepherd or
going about his business. You know, he's a normal person. All of a sudden he says "I'm God's messenger."
And invariably they accuse him of being crazy.
So, he said "I lived with you so many years and you didn't know that I was crazy. So why do you call me crazy now?"
"Wait to examine what I'm saying."
Yes.
10:10?
10:3. Yes.
10:16. Yes.
So, this is the idea.
Because if a person lives with you for so many years, you've known him closely and you know very well he's not crazy,
then he's either, he's really a God's messenger or he's a very, very bad person who is trying to trick God. It's one of the extremes.
And nothing in between.
Yes.
[81:23] He saw him at the high horizon. *
[81:23] He saw him at the high horizon. *
The footnote 81:23 says,
*81:23 Rashad Khalifa was summoned to the high horizon as detailed in Appendix 2.
And this has to do with the fact that I was summoned and I was passive at the time, but all the prophets
fulfilled their covenant, which is recognizing, acknowledging, supporting, and believing in the Messenger of the Covenant.
Yes, it was on the high horizon.
Exactly where I, I don't know, but it was out of this universe.
It was in the place where the souls are, so the chances are, it's in the seventh or the first universe.
If you consider ours, the seventh universe, that fulfillment of the covenant occurred in the first universe.
And in the last conference, as you know, I shared it with you in detail and I'm glad to share it with anybody in detail at any time.
But most of you know, those of you who don't know it, I'd be glad to share it with you again.
But briefly, I was summoned to the first universe. I sat in a place and all the prophets one by one acknowledged
me as God's Messenger of the Covenant.
I was told they were all the prophets.
I was not given the identity of any of them except Ibrahim because of his resemblance to my own family.
I was taken aback by this man who looks like us, you know, my uncles, my father.
And I was told... there was no speaking at all, but mentally, I was told "this is Abraham."
Other than that, I was told that these are all the prophets that included Noah, Jesus, Moses, David, Solomon, all of them.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is what 23 refers to. If you read the appendix 2, it will give you these details.
A woman: (unintelligible) I know but (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, where are the prophets now?
Dr. Khalifa: In 3, what happens?
You wanna attend to the baby (unintelligible)?
Go ahead.
He'll be alright, though.
In other words, those who are known to deserve guidance will accept this information.
People who are willed by God to be guided.
Does this make sense, Martha?
It should be clear. So, this is a message to all the people, for those who wish to go straight.
You know, when you pray every day, you say, Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6). Guide us on the straight path, or the right path.
So, those who wish to go straight will accept this heavy information. This is very heavy information.
Okay, when you look at any person, there's an invisible stamp on their forehead that says "Heaven or Hell."
Okay, the person who's stamped Hell on the forehead, there is nothing you can do to guide them.
And the people who are stamped Heaven, God knows, only God knows who is going to Heaven and who is going to Hell.
So, the person who is stamped Hell or misguided, there is no way you can make them understand.
The person who is stamped Heaven would see this and will accept it right away.
They will see that there is nothing wrong with it.
It is in accordance with the Quran.
There is sufficient proof.
Dr. Khalifa: They will... they may hold their judgment for a while until they examine the evidence and so on.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, refers to you and me and anybody.
Dr. Khalifa: Whatever you people will is in accordance with the will of God, Lord of the universe.
A woman: So, it's like those who are on the straight path are somehow incapable of doing anything that's not according to God's will, then?
Dr. Khalifa: No, it is not. We've always talked about it that when we are born, God knows already the people who
who did not side with Satan during that Great Feud.
They didn't really side with Satan. Remember my last Khutba about the two arrows?
Okay, there are some people who went along with the crowd, but in their heart, they did not side with Satan.
So, these people deserve to be guided.
They deserve to be redeemed and they are put in circumstances that bring them in touch with this message, for example.
When they are born, they are assigned to a certain house, certain parents
to grow up under certain circumstances, and the end result will be that they're guided because they deserve to be guided.
Next.
Douglas: Now, this is (unintelligible)
Douglas: They're totally nullified in everything they say.
A lot of people who quote Quran (unintelligible) and they say "where does this explanation come from?"
They say that God has sent a messenger, but they immediately just accuse you of worshipping the messenger.
All of a sudden, you need to hang on to someone who can't be with you when you're born.
So, this is both a protection and a mercy for the people who are also guided.
One of the strategies (unintelligible) is to tell you that you are incapable of standing up on your own, you need someone else.
The authorization and the signs removes a doubt from the hearts of the (unintelligible)
Douglas: You know that the motivation and incentives are from God to receive God's message, and it's just frightening.
Dr. Khalifa: It's an obstacle. It's an obstacle for the misguided.
A man: (Unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Say it again.
A man: table 5, why is...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, table 5 must be...
A man: (unintelligible) somewhere else. Edip: No, before it.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, it's for the, from the previous page. Edip: 15 must be...
Dr. Khalifa: This copy is just dealing with the number 81, because this is Sura 81.
Dr. Khalifa: The locust are playing havoc with the group there?
Edip: We'll be the lucky person.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Now, Douglas said that this is lucky for us because, actually, we have no idea how lucky our generation is,
because this puts us in a place where we can belong with the elite of the elite.
The elite of the elite, or in the Quran, (56:10) ٱلسَّـٰبِقُونَ ٱلسَّـٰبِقُونَ
those who are especially close to God are the
the people of the first generation, whenever a messenger comes, Abraham or Ishmael or Jesus or Moses.
Edip: Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: It's gonna fly around and hit everybody.
Dr. Khalifa: The elite...
Dr. Khalifa: The elite of the elite are the people who exist at the same time when the message is new
and the people are rejecting it and are being persecuted for accepting that message, which is worshiping God alone,
accepting the word of God alone. It's a very heavy responsibility, and the people who accept it are very, very, very, I can say this forever, fortunate.
Because they are the elite and of the elite for eternity.
And you're not born at this time by coincidence. There is a reason for it. Obviously, you deserve it.
But to say that we are lucky or fortunate is the understatement of the century.
It is really a very, very exciting part of history, and I'm just talking as a person.
God happens to want us to know certain information to correct our path.
And God's system, as we learn from the Quran, is that He selects one of us to distribute the information through one of us,
and doesn't make this one of us any better or worse or special.
There is no, and we have many lessons in the Quran indicating this.
Moses, one of the great messengers, God sent a teacher in human form.
He could have been a human.
Probably he was an angel, but God didn't tell us if he was a human or an angel.
The fact is that Moses existed, and there was another servant of God who taught him a few things.
So, it's just a system whereby God distributes, disseminates information to all of us.
We are a very fortunate generation indeed. Alhamdu Lillah.
Abdullah.
Abdullah: (unintelligible)
Abdullah: at the time of prophet Muhammad, Quran was (unintelligible)
as I understand being revealed, certain verses revealed (unintelligible)
And similarly (unintelligible) being revealed in such a way (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, I think we lived these very exciting times, and we've seen how the information comes as we needed it, at the right time.
When we, before printing the Quran, we were working on the appendix about the two false verses.
And Mohamoud Abib, and Abdullah Arik, and Ismail Barakat, and Feroz Karmally, and Gatut were coming with information.
There was just pouring information coming.
The evidence, very powerful and amazing.
I mean, it was just we couldn't catch our breath.
And now that the book is in the press, they are very quiet, aren't they?
Do you hear anything from Mohamoud or Abdullah? No.
But the information came at the right time.
It was just amazing.
I mean, I will be, I will start the computer, and I will be working on this subject,
and they will walk in with the information, as I'm just about to put my fingers on the keyboard to type.
This is what Abdullah is talking about.
Information comes as we need it.
And this is why we're so positive about God's signs. We don't have doubts.