Dr. Khalifa: I think I need to start by making a momentous announcement.
As you know, the, the true Quran, the pure Quran, never existed in the past.
The prophet Muhammad received the Quran and wrote it with his own hand.
And the last Sura revealed, Sura number 110, was revealed in his Hajj pilgrimage
only a few months before he died.
The last, it was the last Sura revealed, the last Sura revealed in Medina was Sura number 9.
So, the prophet had the Quran written in his own hand in the chronological sequence,
with instructions on the side saying where every piece goes.
That's all the Prophet had.
It was not the Quran that God intended for the world.
19 years later, during the era of Uthman, Islam had gone to Syria, and Iraq, and Egypt,
and Uthman wanted to make copies to send to those new Muslims in new countries.
So, he appointed a committee to, to carry out the prophet's, God's instructions, to take that
original copy.
By that time, it was, it was with the prophet's wife, Hafsa, Omar's daughter.
Uthman sent for it, and he gave it to the committee to, to carry out the instructions.
This piece goes here, this piece goes here.
And put the Quran in the order that God intends for the world.
And I think you know the rest of the story where, when they finished, and they came to
the last Sura revealed in Medina, Sura 9, someone suggested to add a couple of verses
to honor the prophet.
So, they committed that, that big crime that caused the war between Ali and Uthman, and then the, the
war against Ali and his family, the prophet's family, that ended with the eradication of
the prophet's family in Karbala.
And the winners were the Umayyads who, who put the two verses in the Quran.
So, the version that came to us about the war and the history of the Quran is the version
of those so-called winners.
They thought they won the war.
So, the announcement I want to make is that this is the last time we use this.
As of next week, we'll use the new translation.
This is the announcement.
So, it will not be in the book form yet, but you will be handed the, the new translation to study.
This is the last time we use this. It's a historical day.
But the, the new translation is gonna come out. It will be hardcover. It's gonna be luxurious.
You see that page there? This is a very hazy cover. It's not a good one.
But it's gonna be sharp and it will be in, in gold stamp.
The, the cover itself, the hardcover outside will be dark blue.
And it will be, for the first time in history, the pure Quran, in Arabic and in English.
So, as you know, some of you read the small booklet about the two verses. And...
I, I mentioned many of the reasons why God did not let those people have the pure Quran,
because they simply did not deserve it.
Because only 19 years after the prophet's death, they corrupted the religion.
They, they started to worship Muhammad against his will, in the same way the Christians do with Jesus.
It's, they're all humans.
The Christians are humans and the Muslims are humans, and both of them fell for the trap
of Satan, and they started to idolize the prophet against his will.
They, they, they invented an Azan that has the, does not have the name of God alone.
The Prayer became distorted and did not have the name of God alone.
And just to make a long story short, they did not deserve the pure Quran.
Now, there are people who devote their worship to God alone, and they uphold the Quran alone,
and these are the true Muslims. The true Muslims will have the true Quran.
And this is really a, a historical, historical event.
As you know, the famous statement in the Quran is that the month of Ramadan is when the Quran was revealed.
And this is exactly when the Quran is going to be completed and will be purified.
And it's gonna come out, gonna be sent to the press in Ramadan, IN SHAA ALLAH.
And I, I know you believe me when I tell you that I didn't plan it this way.
It was not planned this way.
As a matter of fact, I was slowed down so many times, I was frustrated due to my ignorance.
I shouldn't be frustrated.
I should know that God is arranging the, the time.
And all these delays were designed so that the, the pure Quran would come out in Ramadan.
So, I, I'm glad to share this with you.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, we go to our teacher, Catherine, and we'll start at Sura 62.
Catherine: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Catherine: We're on page 397.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
[62:1] Glorifying GOD is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is the King, the Sacred, the Almighty, the Most Wise.
[62:2] He is the One who raised among the gentiles a messenger, to recite His revelations for them, sanctify them, and teach them the scripture and wisdom. Before this, they had gone astray.
[62:3] Others among them were His to join. He is the Almighty, the Wise.
[62:4] This is GOD's grace. He bestows it upon whomever He wills. GOD Possesses Unlimited Grace.
[62:5] The example of those who were given the Torah then failed to study it is that of a donkey carrying great works of literature. Miserable indeed is the example of those who reject GOD's revelations. GOD never guides the wicked people.
[62:6] Say, "O you who are Jewish, if you claim that you are GOD's chosen, to the exclusion of all other people, then you should long for death if you are truthful!"
[62:7] They never long for it, because of what their hands have committed. GOD is fully aware of the wicked.
[62:8] Say, "The death that you flee from will inevitably catch up with you. Then you will be turned over to the Knower of all secrets and declarations. He will inform you of everything you did."
[62:1] Glorifying GOD is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is the King, the Sacred, the Almighty, the Most Wise.
If we take that thought through all of our day, God will be our god all day long.
Because everywhere we look and everything we do, everything we hear, everything we see,
is submitting to God, including our bodies, our minds, and our hearts.
Donna said recently that we should strive to be like the animals and the rocks and the mountains and the trees. And when she said that,
I agreed with her.
This is gonna sound funny. I've always been fascinated by rocks, mountains.
And when I was in Ireland, Alhamdu Lillah, for a short period of time, I was fascinated even more because
the people live on a rock.
They have to carry dirt and put it between rock crevices to grow food, and then it blows away and they have to repeat the process again.
The rocks remain and the people go.
They've worked out a compromise with God, as it were, and they have in the example of
the rocks around them, the mountains and the boulders, what they should be striving to be like,
Catherine: yet steadfast as the rocks and the trees and the animals that never change.
Dr. Khalifa: Do you have a pet rock?
Catherine: Oh.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: Not yet.
A woman: We should. Catherine: No.
A woman: We should.
Catherine: They're all pet rocks.
I thought it was gonna sound funny.
It's part of the reason that I, I'm comfortable in Tucson, too. And I have to say that.
And green things and, and all living things.
We have so many reminders around us
that there's no way that we could ever say that we did not know that there was one God and that all things submitted to God.
[62:2] He is the One who raised ... the gentiles a messenger, to recite His revelations for them, ... Before this, they had gone astray.
This is incredible mercy from, from God. He did not have to do this for us. We blew it the first time around.
We just totally blew it. We missed.
And, and this is a time when closest is only good in worship. This is a real big miss.
God has no reason to do anything for us. He doesn't need us for anything. He doesn't need us to know Him. He doesn't need that.
And yet, He sends messengers, consistently sends messengers, spends 1,400 years purifying His final message.
He didn't have to do that.
I mean, He gave it once.
Why spend 1,400 years sending even more messengers and purifying the message?
For the very few who hear it.
And incredible mercy.
(unintelligible)
God just did not have to do this for us.
We live in a world where not too many people are given second chances.
You either pull your own weight or you're jettisoned like so much luggage or baggage.
That's not God's pattern. Not only are we given one chance, but multiple chances throughout our lives to come to the truth.
And so many messages and so many messengers in so many ways.
The mercy that is described in the, in the next verse, as unlimited, is beyond anything that we can understand.
We have limits.
We can give people multiple chances, but at some point,
we're gonna turn around and not give them another chance, and we're going to walk away.
But God doesn't leave that person. We do. God doesn't leave that person, or us in those times.
We cannot imagine what unlimited grace or mercy is.
And I don't think we will until we die.
And we know the extent of, of Hell and Heaven and love and mercy and peace that waits for us.
Others among them refuse to join. This is verse 3. He is the Almighty, the Wise.
There's a verse and this one I do know, Lisa. It's 81:29, and you don't have to turn to it. I'll read it. It says
[81:29] Whatever you will is in accordance with the will of GOD, Lord of the universe.
For some time, the realization that whatever thoughts I had were not my own has been a mind-boggler for me.
The only thing I do is choose God alone.
After that, this, this is an illusion, as I've spoken of before, including
this, the illusion that I did something, that I thought something, that I had this idea.
As Rashad said "God arranges everything, including the thoughts in our, in our minds."
Those of us who are going to invent some new and exciting tool to make a job easier,
when we do that and we discuss it with those fellow people, fellow colleagues, and say
"look what, look what you thought of, look what I thought of, and look what it will do."
Never have thought that God did that. You didn't do that.
God put this thought for the invention in your mind and brought it to reality.
Every thought we have is in accordance with God's will, whether we are believers or not
God tailors each of our lives and experiences according to our original decision before we came here.
So that verse, which pops up as I read through so much of the Quran, is a constant reminder for me
that whatever I will is according to the will of God, meaning I don't do it, I don't think it.
[62:4] This is GOD's grace. He bestows it upon whomever He wills. GOD Possesses Unlimited Grace.
[62:5] The example of those who were given the Torah then failed to study it ...
I often wish when I'm talking to people that I could remember funny jokes that I've heard
or these really great lines from the comedies on television.
There are some really funny lines, and I don't have that kind of mind.
This is one of those lines that I do remember from Quran.
[62:5] ... a donkey carrying great works of literature. ...
There's another verse in Quran that refers to the ugliest voice being that of the donkey,
which I remembered when I was reading this, I just don't know where it is.
The Quran is of no use to a disbeliever. It's totally sealed from them, from their understanding. They won't understand it.
They can read it. They can read the concrete words, and they're very simple. They're attainable and understandable by, by everyone.
And they don't see or hear what, what they just read.
When you ask them "what does that mean?"
instead of ABC, you'll get some foreign language back that has no relationship to what people have read.
God prevents Quran and the truth from getting to those people who are not believers.
They are like donkeys
[62:5] ... carrying great works of literature. ...
Or on the next page, where the metaphor of a wooden log is used "Incapable of understanding."
On the other hand, a donkey submits to God totally, absolutely totally,
and doesn't have need of a great work of literature. The donkey's already there.
So, it's, it's an interesting group of words.
[62:5] ... a donkey carrying great works of literature. ...
And sometimes I feel like that.
When I'm trying to work on something new or hard, or something that
has been a part of me that needs to be purified, I feel like a donkey a lot of the time.
I don't feel like I'm going anywhere, and I'm sitting down in the middle of the road.
So, this, this verse created a whole bunch of pictures for me when I read it. I, I thought it was wonderful.
[62:5] ... Miserable indeed is the example of those who reject GOD's revelations. GOD never guides the wicked people.
Again, whatever we will is according to the will of God.
If we choose not to be guided, we won't be guided. God gives us exactly, exactly what we want.
We get impatient. We want it now. We want it next week.
But God gives us what we need, in what form we need, when we need it,
including the wicked people who reject God.
They won't be able to say anything on the Day of Resurrection. Then, they won't have to.
Verse 6,
[62:6] "O you who are Jewish, if you claim that you are GOD's chosen, to the exclusion of all others, then you should long for death!"
[62:7] They never long for it, because of what their hands have committed. GOD is fully aware of the wicked.
You don't have to be Jewish.
There are lots of people who seem to feel that they are chosen for one thing or another.
We all know the history of the Jewish people, but there are so many others.
God is aware of each and every one of them who lives their lives according to their ego
and their personal needs, which they focus on.
And they really don't believe that God is going to do what God says,
that there will be a Day of Resurrection and that they will be held accountable.
So, for those people who put themselves above other people and those people who put themselves
ahead of other people, I pray to God I'm not behind them on the Day of Resurrection.
All of us are in the same boat.
We're all responsible for our own necks, no matter whether we're Jewish, Christian, Muslim, or anything else.
And I'm not sure that I can say right now that I long for death.
I think I need a lot more work. So,
Verse 8 says,
[62:8] Say, "The death that you flee from will inevitably catch up with you. Then you will be turned over to the Knower of all secrets and declarations. He will inform you of everything you did."
I read a book a while ago, a long while ago, when my children were little.
And it was about one of those pop psychiatry kinds of things, psychology things.
It was about child psychology and about sibling rivalry and about children who fight with
each other and drive parents crazy because they argue over everything and nothing.
And the only thing I got out of this hundreds of pages of book was a really cute scenario
about these kids squabbling in a room and the din being so loud at home, I think.
And this, a man suggested that the parents go to the door of the room.
Of course, the kids would not notice that because they would be involved in their fight.
And simply say, I saw that and wait.
Because both children, or all children, would then turn around and look up at the parent and begin to spill out at once.
This three voices at once.
"What happened?" "He did this to me." "No, he did that to me."
And if you just waited for five minutes, you'd have the whole story.
And you'd be able to put it in the right order and make a judgment that would be correct.
And when I read this verse,
[62:8] ... Then you will be turned over to the Knower of all secrets and declarations. ...
I see it like that.
We don't know when our death is going to come.
And when it comes, the Quran tells us many of us won't even know that we died. We'll wake and, and be with God. Without God.
And I see God standing there saying "I saw that." And I don't have to say anything because we did do that.
And that's not an uncomfortable feeling. That's a very comfortable feeling, to know that God is always with me,
that God sees my mistakes and works on me to correct those mistakes.
And that the things that I may have forgotten about I'll be reminded about, hopefully in this world, and forgiven for in the next.
Does anybody have any comments or questions or...?
Catherine: Abdullah.
Abdullah: (unintelligible)
with verse 3 saying that (unintelligible)
Abdullah: you can be (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right. But not exclusively.
Dr. Khalifa: See, they cut it a bit too far.
God did choose them and gave them the scripture, and saved them from Egypt, split the sea for them.
So, not just they were chosen, they were God's chosen, but they made it exclusive.
Also, that the, they exaggerated it way beyond reason.
First, they were God's chosen. Then, they became almost equal to God, you know, hands around His shoulder, walk around like friends.
Then, then, God became like a child, Subhan Allah, God be glorified.
In Rabbi Kushner's book, where he, he, he talks as if God is a child. He says "it's okay, we forgive You."
Literally, I'm not exaggerating. He said "are you ready to forgive God for what He did to you because of His inability?"
You know, he just, your hair will stand up if I tell you what he likes.
And this is, now this is, I mean, the extreme arrogance of the majority of them.
So, this is, this is what happened, the distortion of the concept of being God's chosen.
They, they distorted it and exaggerated it too much. They...
We have the, the synagogue, they send their kids here maybe once a year to talk.
And one time, the sign out there was "Happiness is submission to God," and I was talking to the, to those Jewish children here.
And I was telling them that anyone who submits to God
is a, is a submitter, regardless of the name, Jewish, Christian, Muslim, or what.
So, one of the teachers objected "we do not submit to anybody."
I said "not even to God?" "Not even to God." I mean.
So, this is almost typical of the majority.
It just turns out that the majority of Jews, the majority of Christians, the majority of Muslims have been tricked by Satan.
So, this verse here, 6, is talking about the distortion of God's chosen.
So, the key word will be
[62:6] ... to the exclusion of all others ...
And also, to make it like it's guaranteed. It doesn't matter what they do.
This is why God says, why don't you long for death?
And like Catherine said, we don't long for death because we know that the longer
we worship God, the greater, the bigger, the more developed is our soul.
And also, we're not that arrogant.
you don't, we don't
You have to be really arrogant to long for death.
But if you feel that you need to develop and grow your soul, that
Dr. Khalifa: you need to atone for past sins, and you want to make up for the past, and things like that, you will not long for death.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, they do.
A man: (unintelligible) being an Arab (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, they, actually a lot of them do think that automatically,
you know, Muhammad will take the Arabs out of this,
which is a wrong concept. It's the, it's the exact opposite.
When you talk about sibling rivalry, I guess these people didn't know about Apamea and Naghmeh.
Dr. Khalifa: These two go to the bathroom together.
Apamea: It's not me!
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, they destroy all concepts of sibling rivalry.
Actually, I have noticed it with, with Iranians a lot.
Dr. Khalifa: People from, I don't know what's the, but maybe...
A woman: Not girls in general? Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Not, not girls in general.
Hamid: Doctor, does the man (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm talking about going to the bathroom together without, no, no rivalry.
Dr. Khalifa: They don't, they don't fight.
A woman: They never fight?
Naghmeh: You know.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm just giving an example of how much we love each other. A woman: Yeah, right.
Dr. Khalifa: And I've seen this many, you know times also. It's genuine.
Dr. Khalifa: It's not just, it's not only here, right? You don't act.
Dr. Khalifa: You're like this at home, right?
Apamea: Yeah, but...
Dr. Khalifa: See.
Apamea: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: Any other questions?
Hamid: It's wicked, at the end of the verse 7, therefore indicates to...
On the surface, it indicates the Jewish, to the Jews. It refers to the verse 6.
But as you mentioned, there are some laws (unintelligible).
Hamid: Therefore it's wicked who also in general terms (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: See, here, we don't, we don't say we're the only ones.
We, we, we, we raise that verse in Sura 2, verse number 62, it says
that anyone who worships God alone is our brother or sister,
regardless of what they call themselves.
Because our objective is worshiping God alone.
Anyone who does that, we love them and respect them for it.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is actually a very, very important criterion.
Dr. Khalifa: If you go any place... Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Catherine. And number 9. A man: Excuse me. I got a question.
A man: How about if a person is a Christian who worships God as the one, God alone,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: he doesn't do, he does certain things that he's not supposed to do. Like literally (unintelligible) doesn't pray 5 times a day.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No. Did he read the Quran?
A man: Excuse me?
Dr. Khalifa: Did he read the Quran?
A man: Yet? No. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Well, it's alright.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. He goes to Heaven. It's 2:62.
He worships God alone.
You see, that person, if he comes across the Quran, he will agree with it, wholeheartedly. He will find nothing objectionable.
Absolutely.
I mean, the, the verse 62 names Christians by name. Jews, Christians.
Then, it says, anyone who, who worships God alone and believes in the Hereafter, the Day of Judgement, and is righteous will, will make it to Heaven.
Dr. Khalifa: Martha.
Martha: In a verse Quran says (unintelligible) that God chose to make us in one congregation
Martha: and there are different rules for different different congregations. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Martha: Everyone follows their own rules.
Dr. Khalifa: 5:48, yes.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: For example...
Hamid: I understand exactly...
Dr. Khalifa: I'll explain it to you. You can be a Jew, if you want to, and go to Heaven.
But if you want, if you decide to be a Jew, you have to follow the Jewish law. You have to honor the Sabbath.
On Saturday, you don't work. You don't answer the telephone. You spend the day worshiping God.
You, you follow their, their diet system according to the Torah. You follow their laws. You Pray three times a day.
Dr. Khalifa: You do the Jewish laws. You worship God alone.
Hamid: (unintelligible) Quran says...
Dr. Khalifa: But now that you've seen the Quran and the completion of the message, it will not be very smart to go back in time because God...
The, the scripture, the message from God, evolved with the human being.
But the, the Quran tells you that anyone who's following either one of these systems, they're divinely revealed systems,
Dr. Khalifa: it's all right.
Hamid: But didn't you mention in verse 62:7, you have to believe in the concept of Towhid and to get out?
Hamid: get out. Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Hamid: As I understand the laws of Judaism, even though those who kept kosher and dairy and non-dairy and all those, Sabath and all the
nine yards, they don't act, they don't believe in the...
Hamid: ...the...
Dr. Khalifa: No, they are not Jewish then. They're disbelievers.
Hamid: We are actually telling, in another word, we are telling them what,
Hamid: what the laws are. Dr. Khalifa: No, not
Dr. Khalifa: No, not. The Torah. And God tells them.
Dr. Khalifa: God is telling you. If they do not believe in the Hereafter, they are not following the Torah, and they are not Jewish.
Just like the Muslims who follow Hadith and Sunnah, they, they're not,
they don't believe in the Hereafter according to the Quranic criteria.
They're not Muslims.
Dr. Khalifa: See, when I say Jewish, I mean Jewish. When I say Christian, I mean Christian. When I say Muslim, I mean Muslim. So,
Hamid: By definition...
Dr. Khalifa: A Christian who does not believe in the Hereafter, Heaven and Hell, is not a Christian.
Because he's not following what Jesus said.
Dr. Khalifa: And the Jew who does not believe in the Hereafter is not following the Torah, or what Moses said.
A man: So, you can't, say that you can't like
A man: Christianity defined as divine today,
A man: and got defined, Christianity, as someone who follows what Jesus taught,
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
A man: rather than Christianity as it exists.
The messenger: Well, by definition...
A man: Christianity, like you, you said, Ok, (unintelligible).
I guess (unintelligible) a Christian.
Well, you can't, you can't do that because you go to church and it all operates and functions around,
A man: you know, the worship of the Trinity or God, Jesus, and the Father. Dr. Khalifa: That's not Christianity.
A man: But as it exists today, God is the... Dr. Khalifa: That's actually Paulism.
A man: As an example.
Dr. Khalifa: No, see, by definition, a Christian is one who follows Christ.
Dr. Khalifa: The so-called Christianity today is really Paulism. It's not Christianity.
A man: Yeah, I've, I've read that.
Dr. Khalifa: We know...
A man: (unintelligible) I mean, is there a Jewish Christianity in existence today?
Dr. Khalifa: Sure. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: The Christians who do not.....
Dr. Khalifa: ....as the messenger of God, they're Christians. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, are great Christians.
Hamid: In Judaism also? You have a...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. They're Jewish. Hamid: (unintelligible)
A man: (unintelligible) so.
Dr. Khalifa: All kinds. There are Jews of all kind, with Orthodox Jews, Reform Jews, Conservative Jews, who, who are true Muslims.
A man: See, that's kind of funny, because it's all types. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
A man: Consider everybody a true a Christian, because Jesus preached to Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A man: all about (unintelligible). So,
A man: they say "we're Christian."
Dr. Khalifa: Sure.
A man: So, you, you know it's...
Dr. Khalifa: God's religion.
God's religion is worshipping God alone.
Dr. Khalifa: This one religion is practiced by Jews, Christians, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists. But it is one religion.
A man: So, (unintelligible) evolving.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, the, the message evolved with the, with the, with the human race.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, there's no conflict at all.
If you read the, read the, the Bible, the Torah, read Deuteronomy, it's beautiful. Just like the Quran. Read the Psalms.
Like the Quran. Isaiah. Proverbs.
Read the Bible, you'll find it identical.
Really, the original scripture started with the Torah.
Ok. Then, we have, after this, the Psalms, and Isaiah, and Solomon, Proverbs, which is Solomon's book.
Dr. Khalifa: They're all identical to the Quran. There's no conflict at all.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Where is the conflict? Give me an example of conflict. Hamid: (unintelligible)
Hamid: If, if it is more information in the Quran than what is told out in Christian Bible, it's going to be (unintelligible).
If we are saying we are stretching the knowledge to unlimited depth knowledge to Quran, this is one criteria, as I see it.
And the other fellow, which is in Christianity, he limits it all the way to Hebrew Bible, and ignores the rest.
Hamid: Don't you see the conflict?
Dr. Khalifa: But that's, that's... Where is the conflict?
Hamid: I, I just told you.
Dr. Khalifa: Do they all worship God alone?
Hamid: Well, as I, at the beginning, I said, if this is more...
Hamid: It supersedes the other books.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: There has to be...
Hamid: I see it now. I'm sorry, I just, I just explained it the way I, I, I could. I think there is a conflict there.
Dr. Khalifa: No. Ok.
Hamid: Unless you tell me...
Dr. Khalifa: There is no conflict at all.
Dr. Khalifa: All of them advocate the worship of God alone, and all of them give you a system to develop your soul.
Hamid: Ok. The basics are the same. Three religions, they all worship God and God alone.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: And...
Dr. Khalifa: That's it.
Hamid: If it... But that is not enough, I, I think.
Dr. Khalifa: That's it. That's enough. It's the whole thing. Hamid: If that was enough, what,
Hamid: If that was enough, what were the reason of three big religions?
Dr. Khalifa: Because of God's mercy.
Hamid: And (unintelligible) also...
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's, it's verse two.
A woman: And also... Hamid: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: [62:2] He is the One who raised among the gentiles a messenger, to recite His revelations for them, sanctify them, and teach them the scripture and wisdom. ...
Gentiles are the people who did not have a scripture.
Dr. Khalifa: God did not want to leave them alone, didn't leave them lost. He wanted to guide them.
A woman: Also,...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: Also, that God knew that the other scriptures were touched by human beings and changed, and were altered.
A woman: And then, and then, we, we got the Quran, which is never, you know, it's being,
A woman: it never touched, Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Never distorted.
A woman: and it's preserved.
And it just gave the Arabs a different set of guidelines than it gave Jews and Christians. And, and that's all that it is.
A woman: But the one that, why it came after (unintelligible) is that God knew that this, this one was never gonna be touched.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay. Actually, it's, this is the chicken and the egg.
God, God permitted
the distortion of the other scriptures because this is the one that is gonna be in the whole world about 50 years from now.
The others will be history.
But this is the only scripture, this is untouched, this is God's complete message
to be given to the vast majority of the human race.
I mean, even 50 years from now, we'll still have 65 billion people coming to use this as their message.
Dr. Khalifa: This is God's message to come to supersede and take the place of all the others.
A woman: Did we get the, if God didn't permit the scriptures to be such the way they were, it still preserves the correct message.
A woman: And it's a test for those people
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: to get the right information out of it because some do, and some really see the conflict or... So, it's a test then.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, exactly.
But it is, all those scriptures are supposed to, to vanish.
This is why we have these overwhelming physical proofs that will simply take over the world, the whole world.
Dr. Khalifa: Just give the world 50 years from now, maybe less.
Hamid: Doctor, (unintelligible) they will vanish (unintelligible) Christianity will vanish (unintelligible) years (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is God's, no, this is God's law. He said
We're gonna come... it would be... go, look at page 396, right there in front of you, verse 9.
[9:33] He is the One who sent His messenger with the guidance and the religion of truth, to make it prevail over all religions, ...
Dr. Khalifa: This is God's law. It is not wishful thinking.
Hamid: And it indicates to this date also and, and saying they put the time, 50 years, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Hamid: What I'm saying is, this doesn't mention anything about 50 years.
(unintelligible)
And I, I think it will, it will remain with us as
Hamid: mankind until the end of the, end of the life, Judaism and Christianity. It has been with us and it will.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, Islam will be the dominant, like America will be a Muslim country if you wanna
look at it this way, and no longer be a Christian, a Judeo-Christian country.
It will be a Muslim country. And this is God's law. It is...
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, today, can you call America a Muslim country?
Hamid: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, 50 years from now, America will be a Muslim country.
Hamid: Doesn't this...
Dr. Khalifa: And it's not wishful thinking. Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Huh?
Hamid: You didn't, you are, you are actually saying something that is based on your desire.
Dr. Khalifa: No, it is not. Apparently, you don't know the miracle, so, I suggest that you read the miracle of Quran
Dr. Khalifa: and look at it carefully. Then, you will, you will agree with me.
Hamid: You say 50 years? Is that (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Maximum, maximum 50 years. Probably be less than that. It'll be more like 20 years.
Things are gonna happen very fast in the next 20 years. But I'm giving, I'm giving myself a long time just to be careful.
Dr. Khalifa: Mahmood.
Mahmood: This also
Mahmood: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes. It's 19 x 19 x 32
Dr. Khalifa: Hamid.
Hamid: I was just saying, in 20 years or 50 years, or whatever it is, it's an estimate that hopefully, IN SHAA ALLAH, by this time,
Hamid: the whole world will, will realize the real message and the truth.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, things are gonna happen very fast, folks.
Hamid: So, it is estimated, then? Dr. Khalifa: That's it.
Dr. Khalifa: Like I said, 50 years is maximum. Hamid: It is not (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: That's it. Most probably 20 years. In your lifetime.
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH. Hamid: (unintelligible)
Hamid: is not. If you're saying, you just put a...
Dr. Khalifa: Hamid, do you know, do you know that the sun will rise tomorrow?
Hamid: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: How? How do you know that?
Hamid: Because probably the way we have seen it up, up to now it did every day.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Because there are certain signs that indicate, you see, look at the clock, it is 08:15.
In 12 hours from now, it will be 8:15 in the morning.
So, you know that the sun will come. This is, this is a sign that the, the sunrise is approaching.
And the same with, if you read the miracle of Quran and understand it, you'll know that
this country will be a Muslim within 20 to 50 years.
Dr. Khalifa: And I showed you, it is God's law, I have it in front of you. 61 verse 9.
Hamid: I still...
Dr. Khalifa: This is, this is a verse that is repeated 3 times in the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Catherine. We've taken the whole thing from her. Verse 9.
Catherine: [62:9] O you who believe, when the Salat Prayer is announced on Friday, you shall hasten to the commemoration of GOD, and leave all business. This is better for you, if you only knew.
[62:10] Once the Salat Prayer is finished, you shall spread through the land seeking GOD's bounties, and continue to commemorate GOD frequently, that you may succeed.
[62:11] Yet when they see business, or entertainment, they rush to it and leave you standing! Say, "What GOD possesses is far better than the entertainment and the business. GOD is the best Provider."
I think most of you know that I'm, I'm employed in a crisis center. And,
Mã Shã Allãh, I haven't missed a Friday Jumu'ah
since going to work there. Actually, that coincided with a commitment on my part not to miss.
And you can't organize crises. As you all know, they just kind of fall out of the sky. And every Friday,
thank God, I've been able to walk out of there.
And no one calls me back, and the building is still standing when I get back there, and no one says anything.
It's very important that there is, that we understand how important it is that we come and, and join together on Friday.
There is nothing that should keep us from that.
What I wrote in the margin, and I don't know when it was I wrote it, but I wrote in the margin of those three verses,
illusion and unreal, and we need to leave it as easily as we turn off the television, because this is what's real.
Coming together at Jumu'ah and to study Quran and be with believers is real.
The rest of the world we live in is the illusion that God created to sustain us and guide us and teach us and extend His mercy to us.
But it's set up entirely for us.
It's like some giant playground.
Some people get injured on the playground, and some people have a wonderful time. But it is an illusion, and this is the real thing.
There's nothing that should keep us from this. Absolutely nothing.
Catherine: Does anyone have any comments on the last three verses?
Dr. Khalifa: Go.
A woman: (unintelligible) Verse 9 says that (unintelligible)
[62:9] ... hasten to the commemoration of GOD, ...
at the mosque.
A woman: Is it a requirement to come to the mosque (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: How will you have, how will you have a group of people meet in your house?
A woman: Well, if for some reason (unintelligible)
with a (unintelligible)
then (unintelligible)
than by just
(unintelligible)
A woman: I don't know. So, so, (unintelligible) at the mosque.
Dr. Khalifa: What does it say?
A woman: [62:9] ... when the Salat Prayer is announced on Friday, you shall hasten to the commemoration of GOD, ...
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. What is Friday in Arabic?
A woman: Jumu'ah
Dr. Khalifa: And Jumu'ah means what?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right. A group of people
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: Even 2 people have a (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: (unintelligible) that Jumu'ah (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It came from Abraham. Since the time of Abraham.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
That's what it means.
What do you mean it came first? Are you talking about two things? What are the two things?
Dr. Khalifa: Is there a first and second in your mind? I just wanna understand your question.
A woman: Does she mean...
Dr. Khalifa: You said "which came first?"
A woman: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. What do you have in mind when you say "which came first?" Which and which? What and what?
A woman: The word for Friday, which means coming together. Is that, does that come after it?
In fact, does that come as a result (unintelligible) together?
Because I mean, if (unintelligible)
name for word Friday
A woman: (unintelligible) and even
Dr. Khalifa: No.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: It hasn't always been that. There were... A woman: Why didn't?
Dr. Khalifa: There was time when there was no names of the weekdays. Like the Sabbath.
A woman: So, but it (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: You mean Sabbath?
A woman: It was (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Sure. They were having Friday Prayers before Muhammad.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, you don't know that all the, all the practices of Islam came through Abraham. A woman: But (unintelligible) why
A woman: (unintelligible) practices.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. All, all the practices, practices came from Abraham. Look at, 16:123 will tell you.
Hamid: But wasn't a little bit different than Prayer at the time of Abraham?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Hamid: I thought it would be something. Five, five times a day? Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly the same. Yeah.
Hamid: It's exactly the same?
Dr. Khalifa: Yep.
Hamid: And you think the Prayer caused... I think your question was this way.
If you wanna learn science, you go to university to learn it or you wanna learn it and then university is just a tool.
Hamid: I think the Prayer is important and for that purpose you go to mosque. Or you have to go to mosque in order to Pray.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay?
Hamid: That was the question. Which comes first?
Hamid: You can pray...
Dr. Khalifa: No. No, that's not the, not the question. A man: Does it matter?
Dr. Khalifa: Dr. Sabahi.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) for the Prayer
Cause in Arabic, it's (unintelligible) version, translation says
Dr. Sabahi: When you're called (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is wrong. No, that's wrong. Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There's no "when you're called." That's not in Arabic.
Dr. Khalifa: When... Dr. Sabahi: When it is announced.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. When the Salat is announced. There's no "you are called" in Arabic.
It's a, it's a passive... I don't know what the English grammar is. It's, it's a passive statement.
But it doesn't say that, "when you are called."
Dr. Khalifa: Back to Catherine and the next Sura. Hey. Oh, let me emphasize.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Absolutely. This is what I was gonna say now.
It is unfortunate that, that my generation, for example, in Iran, they grew up with the lack of the Friday prayer.
And it is not as firmly implanted in them
to do the Friday Prayer until the, the Khomeini Revolution came and they started to do the Friday Prayer.
And I found it disastrous from my observations. There are many fortunate people like the Sabahis and the Moinis.
They came to the Friday Prayer readily. God is guiding them. And they did it easily.
But it was not easy for many many people to do the Friday Prayer. And I found it disastrous for them.
Just the Friday Prayer. Because they didn't do it. They, they, they caused their dropout.
I mean, I know that.
I'm just trying to emphasize the extreme importance of the Friday Prayer. God is saying here
[62:9] ... and drop all business. ...
It is very important. And it says
[62:9] ... This is better for you, ...
If you are waiting for somebody to sign a deal with you that will give you 10 million dollars.
And that is at the, at the time of the Prayer, God is telling you, go to the Friday Prayer and leave those 10 million dollars,
and, and it will be better for you.
Because God will give you 20 million. It is very important, and it is difficult for... If we grew up
like, like the last generations in Iran, if we grew up without the obligatory Friday Prayer,
it becomes more difficult to adapt to the Friday Prayer.
And at the same time, the reward is also doubled. Actually, multiplied many-fold for doing that.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: I have been to other Middle East countries, but I imagine this is more or less the same.
I have, in this verse, I have the personal experience in Turkey.
And generally, women do not go to Friday Prayer.
And I asked "what is wrong, over there?" And I said "why don't women go to the Friday Prayer?"
A woman: And he told me that "because of a certain Hadith that decree that women shouldn't go. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: And then when I mentioned this verse, he couldn't say anything to me.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. It doesn't say, O, you believing men.
A man: Yeah. It says
[62:9] O you who believe, ...
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A man: So, I mean, the verse is for both men and women.
So, I guess, but they have a baseless Hadith that the women aren't going to come, because it's pointless.
So, I think that "O, you" mean that maybe they think that "O, you men."
This, this (unintelligible) to that.
A man: O, you men (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There is a Hadith that says that women should not go to the Friday Prayer.
And the next Hadith says that women are deficient in religion because they don't go to the Friday Prayer.
You know.
Dr. Khalifa: I mean, what a catch-22.
A woman: In the article that was in the newspaper, they said that it's obligatory for the men to go, but it's optional for the women to go.
Dr. Khalifa: In the paper, you mean the Islamic Center? No, they said "we discourage that."
They said "we don't want women to go." Because they follow Hadith.
But, obviously, here, verse 9 says
[62:9] O you who believe, ...
It doesn't say men or women. This is an obligatory duty for men and women.
Dr. Khalifa: It's very, very important.
Hamid: Why is it important? Why does it emphasize (unintelligible)and the importance of that?
Dr. Khalifa: Because it's a commandment. This is a commandment from God. It says,
[62:9] O you who believe, when the Salat Prayer is announced on Friday, you shall hasten to commemorate GOD, and leave all business.
Dr. Khalifa: This is a commandment from God.
Hamid: Well, I can say a few reasons for why it is that particular day, the Friday.
Hamid: I think it is the end of the week. And, therefore, we can't (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: There's, there's no excuse.
Hamid: What?
A man: Sorry.
Hamid: So, you can, you can actually go through the problems of the whole week
Hamid: and then, at the mosque, ask these problems and then try to solve it within the community.
Dr. Khalifa: That's not the purpose. The purpose is not solving problems. The purpose is to commemorate God
Hamid: For, for the well-being.
Dr. Khalifa: in a group of people.
Dr. Khalifa: That's the purpose.
Hamid: I have a comment here.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Hamid: Well, I think, as a Muslim, it's very important to ask, ask ourselves (unintelligible) any particular action (unintelligible).
Hamid: They want the excuse of (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: That's fine.
Hamid: Why they are even where, they were placed at (unintelligible). Also, why they are doing when.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Hamid: Very important and going back to (unintelligible) that
Hamid: emphasizing on why Friday, I guess, I would say, in most of the Islamic countries, Friday is the end of the week.
Dr. Khalifa: Wednesday is the end of the week if you want to.
Hamid: There is a good power here. As you know, we have a good power in the Muslim world. And, so, it goes from that.
The problems of the Muslim society and the dangers that modern society (unintelligible)
are going to face from the other non-believers and non-Muslim societies are to be discussed.
Because majority of the people get together. And, since we all live in a society (unintelligible)
fading away respect for all people.
The mass of the people, the number of the people.
And, these mass of the people are ones that you move ahead.
And, there were revolutions. And, they have their own problems.
(unintelligible)
Particularly, I would say, one of the guesses I'm guessing would be to discuss the problems, discuss their actions
Hamid: across the (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, this happens automatically. If you carry out a commandment, this is what will happen automatically.
That's exactly the purpose of the Friday Prayer.
Dr. Khalifa: We will get together and we, we know each other.
Hamid: It's not only to get together and pray to God because they only, we can pray to God at our home, you know, one person and (unintelligible).
Hamid: When (unintelligible) there's 100,000 people (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, you, you agree with the Friday Prayer that it is important, right?
Hamid: Yes, of course.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's because we do agree. Hamid: (unintelligible)
Hamid: (unintelligible) acceptance.
Hamid: isn't it why, why Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Hamid: And, you know, they go and Friday and Pray and go talk about, well,
on problems because if you take the concept away, what is... maybe, it's nonsense, is nonsense. You shouldn't go.
Hamid: If the, if the Imam is just talking nonsense, me listening, you'd better stay home.
Dr. Khalifa: Then, how will you change the situation if you stay at home?
Hamid: By not going there.
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: You got to discuss the Quran.
Hamid: Did we just miss, you just, like, I was just mentioning...
Dr. Khalifa: What if the, what if the Imam is giving fantastic lessons that will save your life? Why do you assume the negative?
Hamid: The Imam cannot give us a fantastic lesson. We discussed it. You have showrunner.
You have lots of people from different societies, from different beliefs, you know, discussing a problem.
Hamid: You see what's happening. What has happened to you from Shanbe to Jumu'ah,
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
From Saturday to Jumu'ah (Friday), what are the problems?
Hamid: It could be marital problems, economic problems, social problems, cultural problems.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: That's fine. Hamid: And all these problems
Hamid: must be discussed... you are free.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Hamid: So, that's why we are having a Jumu'ah Prayer.
Dr. Khalifa: I agree with you.
Martha: The Jumu'ah Prayer could be a Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday. If we require Wednesday, then you can (unintelligible).
Hamid: Oh, no.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Martha: You know what, I think, I think, (unintelligible) in Arabic.
(unintelligible) like you said that it just makes no real sense. The name itself preserves that.
No matter what day of the week it calls on, in other languages, in Arabic, you just get around it. That's all we need. It's the name of the day.
Martha: But it's given its name from the fact that it's Friday.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't think he was objecting to the, to do the Friday prayer on Friday.
Martha: No. But I mean, the idea is that, this Friday is because that, that allows you to discuss and
Martha: Saturday and Friday, but...
Dr. Khalifa: Well, people are free to say what they want.
Hamid: Well, Friday, you're emotionally ready. You don't have any classes. You don't have any work to do.
Hamid: We (unintelligible) business, family, Saturday we're here. Do I, on Saturday, (unintelligible)
Martha: But in, in a Muslim country, if, if the day of gathering together were on a Wednesday,
Martha: everything should be adjusted. All the companies should be closed.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, Martha, Martha, please, let's not discuss nonsense here. I mean, not you. So, please just,
we can go on discussing the vain talk. Let's go back to Catherine and Sura 62. 63.
We can make an assumption and go on discussing it, you know. What if the sky is green? You know, let's discuss that.
Dr. Khalifa: 63.
Catherine: The Hypocrites (Al-Munaafeqoon)
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
[63:1] The hypocrites come to you and say, "We bear witness that you are the messenger of GOD."* GOD knows that you are His messenger, and GOD bears witness that the hypocrites are liars.
[63:2] They used their oaths to deceive and to repel others from the path of GOD. Evil indeed is what they do.
[63:3] They have believed, then disbelieved. Consequently, their hearts were sealed and consequently, they cannot understand.
[63:4] When you see them, you may be impressed by their appearance. And when they speak, you hear their voice. But they are like wooden logs. They think that every cry is intended against them. Beware of them. GOD curses them for they have deviated.
[63:5] When they are told, "Come let the messenger of GOD ask forgiveness for you," they turn their heads away, repulsed by their arrogance.
[63:6] Whether you ask forgiveness for them, or do not ask forgiveness for them, GOD will not forgive them. GOD does not guide the wicked people.
[63:7] They are the ones who say, "Do not give any charity to those who followed the messenger of GOD, that they may abandon him!" To GOD belongs the treasures of the heavens and the earth, but the hypocrites do not understand.
[63:8] They say, "If we return to the city, the powerful will displace the weak therefrom." All dignity and power belong to GOD and to His messenger, and the believers. But the hypocrites do not know.
Verse 1, the footnote says, even though the hypocrites are uttering a truth, God calls them liars,
teaches us that we must reject all fabrications attributed to the prophet in the name of Hadith even if such Hadith narrates a truth.
The fabrication of a good Hadith is the bait that Satan uses to cover a deadly hook.
There are many people who are very talented with words in their individual languages.
And how scriptures and Hadiths and the oral traditions in Jewish faith and so on came to be
was those human beings who were very talented with words took the truth and elaborated upon them to the point where they became
man-made laws, regulations, suggestions, traditions,
to the point where those became the truth that people followed as opposed to the real message which was at the core originally.
There is some truth, some veracity to what we hear in all things.
The test is to figure out where it is and what it is. If you know what the truth is from the beginning, you can recognize the distortions.
Sometimes they're so well done that it's hard to argue with people.
Because you're not as well, you're not as articulate as they are for instance.
Some people are very articulate, very well versed with the words and very good abstract thinkers if I can use that phrase. And I'm not.
I just know what the truth is, thank God.
And when it starts, it's so complicated that it's hard to find it in, in what I'm hearing,
I have to stop that and I have to say "no." There is a bottom line here.
God says, even if there's truth in what we hear mixed in with the distortion, we're to discard all of it because it is a game
and it's Satan's game. This is a person's game that's (unintelligible).
It's Satan's game.
Satan's out to bring us on those things that we're perhaps not as sure about, not as, as able to argue about
to get us to go to him and forget God alone.
And this is really difficult because this is in the media, this is in the newspapers. It's everywhere.
It's everywhere. It's in comedy. It is on sweet time.
I mean, the distortions are everywhere, and the truth is always buried in there somewhere.
It's almost like playing chess, you know, when it's your turn to move, you have to walk very carefully to the next square
because there's so much of that stuff all around us.
Catherine: And it's, it's stuff, don't laugh.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible). Chess.
Catherine: Chess.
That's (unintelligible). No doubt.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Catherine: Ok.
[63:2] They used their oaths to deceive and to repel others from the path of GOD. Evil indeed is what they do.
[63:3] They have believed, then disbelieved. Consequently, their hearts were sealed and ..., they cannot understand.
Once a person has believed and then disbelieved, they're done.
God will continue to support that person throughout their life here,
and give them even the things that they want, but they'll never get to the truth.
Once they had had it, and gave it up, they won't be able to come back.
And God is, is very definite in this verse about that.
And then, goes on to describe them as if they were wooden logs. And we may be impressed, as I said earlier, by their appearance, by the...
Verse 8 says that
[63:8] ... All dignity and power belong to GOD ... to His messenger, and the believers. But the hypocrites do not know.
We are provided for. Everything we need is provided for.
So, when people who don't understand that plot and scheme to prevent us from getting the things that we're supposed to get,
it's totally useless.
We get what we're supposed to get from God, not from anyone else.
So, those schemes and, and plans to disrupt or disband or, or fight with
don't go anywhere. They're diffused before they ever get off the ground.
What they do do is keep those people occupied and out of our business while we go about it.
Because they're busy doing things that are, are fruitless. And that's a form of protection for us as well.
Because we know that we can't be hurt by them.
Catherine: Does anyone have any comments, additions, subtractions on that section?
Dr. Khalifa: Abdullah.
Abdullah: When verse, where it says, 6, whether the messenger asks forgiveness (unintelligible) for them.
If that's the case, when people ask "why do you ask (unintelligible)
Abdullah: And does God mean that when you ask something that it doesn't matter what he asks...
Dr. Khalifa: No. What this means is that God will accept the prayer for forgiveness for the believers, but not for the hypocrites.
This is what it's telling us.
They, they, they are too arrogant anyway, and they don't have the belief in their hearts. So, they think it's all nonsense anyway.
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon.
Dr. Sabahi: So, it doesn't have anything to do with SHAFA'AT (Intercession)?
Dr. Khalifa: No. It actually proves there is no SHAFA'AT (Intercession).
Because it's only the believers who will, who will be helped, and the believers are going to Heaven anyway.
The disbelievers and the hypocrites cannot be helped, so what's the use of SHAFA'AT? So, this is what the, the Quranic position is.
In fact, the Quranic position is that every one of us,
IN SHAA ALLAH, when we go to Heaven, we'll say "please God, I want my mother with me. I love her very much."
Ok?
And this is SHAFA'AT.
You will say it. I will say it. Everybody will say it, IN SHAA ALLAH, in Heaven.
And now, this SHAFA'AT is useful if the mother is a good person that is already going to Heaven.
If the mother was not to go to Heaven, this SHAFA'AT will not do any good. Therefore, it is really useless, but
we will say it anyway, out of emotion.
So, this is the understanding of SHAFA'AT. And this is exactly what this verse was saying.
It is saying when the messenger asks, prays for forgiveness,
Dr. Khalifa: for it will be accepted for the believers, but not for the hypocrites or the disbelievers.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
A man: So, I think it is (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Because it's true.
Catherine: It's our human nature to do it. Dr. Khalifa: Because it is
Dr. Khalifa: Not because it's something that is... Because it's a fact.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Hamid: We're talking about the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Everybody, anybody can repent. I think this is a point that Catherine raised.
But, a person goes back from belief to disbelief, they can always repent and come back to it.
There are other verses in the Quran.
In Sura 4, verse 137, it says, if you, you can believe, disbelieve, believe, disbelieve, and so on.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the Quran is talking about the period when they are disbelievers.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, there is no such thing as God cannot.
Hamid: Absolutely.
Dr. Khalifa: Just repeat.
Dr. Khalifa: Rephrase your question.
Hamid: I couldn't (unintelligible) understand (unintelligible) information that God cannot know.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. There is no such thing as God cannot. Ok. Now, rephrase your question.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: There you go. Yeah. Now, now, you can have it. Go ahead.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Hamid: Thank you. Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Hamid: So, so, God does not (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. This is the end of the verse. Look at it, verse 6,
[63:6] ... GOD does not guide the wicked people.
Dr. Khalifa: They're already wicked, so He does not guide... Hamid: If that's so, then
Hamid: we can assume that (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, they can, because this is our free decision.
Hamid: Then, it would be (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: God will (unintelligible) to their repentance. The minute they change their decision to believers, they are believers.
Hamid: Then, God (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Not as long as they're hypocrites or disbelievers. Only when they make a decision to believe.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right. As soon as they make a decision to believe, they step into God's Kingdom.
Hamid: Know they're wrong.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. As long as they are hypocrites and disbelievers, they are outside of God's circle.
Dr. Khalifa: Douglas.
Douglas: In these verses, God is revealing to us (unintelligible).
He's revealing to us so otherwise we will know. We could have seen they are liars.
They, they cannot understand.
Douglas: They, they do not know. God is revealing to us but otherwise we may not be able to see.
Dr. Khalifa: We still don't see.
Douglas: Exactly. In fact, they don't see.
Dr. Khalifa: God sees.
Douglas: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: God says, I know them, you don't know them.
Douglas: Right.
And the other, the other point I wanted to make is originally, when we use this example of wooden logs,
Douglas: does this mean, for example, like food, clothing and water, it's all service?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Douglas: I'm just asking (unintelligible). How logs (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: No. Can, can you communicate with a wooden log?
Douglas: Ok. Got it.
A woman: He does it all the time.
Dr. Khalifa: In fact, there's an Arabic, there's an Egyptian, excuse me, there's an Egyptian proverb and an English proverb.
Dr. Khalifa: It says "they're standing there like a log."
Abdullah: (unintelligible) in Turkey. Dr. Khalifa: Is this in English?
Dr. Khalifa: Turkish. Yes. Abdullah: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: And in Arabic, too. And English. And Egyptian.
Dr. Khalifa: Did we finish Sura 63? Ok. Go ahead and finish it.
Catherine: Verse 9.
[63:9] O you who believe, do not be distracted by your business and your children from the commemoration of GOD. Those who do this are losers.
[63:10] And spend in charity from what we provided for you before death comes to the one of you, and then say, "My Lord, if You postpone this for a short while, I will be charitable and righteous!"
[63:11] GOD never postpones the end for any soul once the predetermined time has come. GOD is Cognizant of everything you do.
The easiest thing in the world to do is to be distracted by those that we care about the most.
And God warns us against that. In other verses, He says that these may be enemies of ours, we do need to be cautious of that
and avoid idolatry.
Spending in charity is so easy if we know that nothing we have came from us or will go with us anywhere.
It comes from God. It's not ours to start with. And if we give it in charity, we give it only where it was meant to go.
Verse 11 says,
[63:11] GOD never postpones the end for any soul ...
And once the time comes, it's come and there's nothing more that you can do after the Day of Resurrection.
But there is so much mercy from God, and we have so many chances before that Day. So many. They're limitless.
As long as we live, we have a, we have a chance, an opportunity. God constantly provides those opportunities
for the hypocrites to repent, for us to continue to work right up until the last moment.
That verse 11 sounds very final,
but when we know the mercy of God and what He provides for us on a minute-to-minute, second-to-second basis in this world,
it's, it's extraordinary.
And, and it doesn't need to frighten us. We just, we just need to know that, that there is a limit.
And once we've reached it, it's over. We have no more to do.
Catherine: Any other comments or questions?
Farhad: May I ask a question?
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. Go ahead.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, let's get to the, and just thank Catherine for an excellent Quranic study.
Catherine: I can go to 114 in 10 minutes. You said you want me to (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Now, we'll get to general questions.
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad.
Farhad: (unintelligible), then we are locked. There are
many, many (unintelligible) and why.
Sometimes a group of people think as (unintelligible), toward a Sura and Aya (verse).
(unintelligible)
What is the criterion to, to order of what this was more important than this?
(unintelligible).
Is there any criteria like that? Or that's my suggestion.
Farhad: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Everything God said, excuse me...
Farhad: No, excuse me. The number of times that a subject involves being mentioned, is that (unintelligible)? so I heard.
Dr. Khalifa: That's a good sign, yeah.
Farhad: Good sign.
Dr. Khalifa: But all, all of them are important. All the laws are important.
I wanna go back to the Friday business. Remember that the title of the Sura is named after the Prayer, "Friday."
It is a Sura in the Quran entitled "Friday."
And the commandment is there saying
[62:9] O you who believe, when the Salat Prayer is announced on Friday, ...
go
[62:9] ... and drop all business. ...
That's the commandment.
Dr. Khalifa: All the commandments of God are important.
Farhad: Why is "La Elaha Ella Allah" more important than anything else?
Dr. Khalifa: Cause this is the basic requirement,
Farhad: Yeah, that's right.
Dr. Khalifa: you know. I mean, if it's not there, nothing else exists.
Everything else will be in vain. I mean, a person can be truthful and honest and
is a very nice person, but he does not believe in God, and all his work is in vain.
So, "La Elaha Ella Allah" goes without saying. Then, after that, all the commandments are very important,
Dr. Khalifa: every single one of them.
Farhad: For example, can you say Salat is more important than Zakat?
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Farhad: Because it's mentioned more than...
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, they are both usually mentioned together, Salat and Zakat.
Farhad: Or Fasting.
Dr. Khalifa: Fasting is very important.
You're disobeying God if you don't fast. You're disobeying God if you don't do the Zakat. You're disobeying God if you don't do the Prayer.
You're disobeying God if you lie or cheat.
Dr. Khalifa: So, take your pick. It's very expensive if you...
A woman: But that, that also, I think it's important to say that God knows what's true and we have to do God all gifts,
A woman: you know, when people who can't do it, gives us alternatives.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, it's our choice, you know. You can put your finger in the fire or not. You can... It's up to you.
I mean, it's God, God left us, left it, left it up to us.
You heard Jahan today.
If he didn't wanna do the push-ups, he will, he will think that God is doing everything, not him.
So, it's as simple as that.
We're celebrating Laila's birthday today.
I don't mean to embarrass you.
Dr. Khalifa: But her birthday was the 19th of March, is that so?
A woman: Mã Shã Allãh A woman: Mã Shã Allãh
Dr. Khalifa: And she didn't even know that her address was a multiple of 19.
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is why she came to Tucson.
A woman: Celebrating her birthday, IN SHAA ALLAH
Dr. Khalifa: Celebrating her birthday with us.
There are so many things that I need, we need to do. We read Al-Fãtehah for Soad, remember? Because of her tests.
Well, she passed.
But there's another big test coming up.
And she's, she's greedy again. And she wants us to read Sura Al-Fãtehah for her.
God never turns us down.
Dr. Khalifa: And Ahmad needs that we ask Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala to help him with his PhD exam. It's Monday?
A woman: Ok. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Of course. A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, you better. You better ask.
God is generous. God is generous.
And we have a perfect record so far, Alhamdu Lillah.
God never never turns us down. Strange things we asked for. And He never turned us down.
We even overturned governments. We did that.
What else? You're supposed to remind me.
Dr. Khalifa: Who else asked for Al-Fãtehah? Huh?
A person: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, we recited Al-Fãtehah for Linda Baroni because she's, she had some infection in the hospital. She's alright.
We want to take advantage of Jahan's presence so he'll be our teacher next week.
He says, he wants to go AWOL.
Dr. Khalifa: Serious? What a relief.
A man: Ahmad Rayan (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Which one? This one? (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This one?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well.
Dr. Khalifa: Let's read Al-Fãtehah so he stays. Ok?
A woman: Yes. Yes.
A woman: Thank you.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, so let us recite Al-Fãtehah and ask Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala to give Laila a happy year coming up,
every year to be happier than the previous year.
And we're gonna recite also Al-Fãtehah for Soad for her coming test, and for Ahmad Rayan.
And Al-Fatiha to keep Jahan here in Tucson for at least a few weeks, at least.
As you recite Al-Fãtehah, turn to God and ask Him for your own personal wishes, anything you want.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Dr. Khalifa: Congratulations, you special people.
A man: (unintelligible) Can I have one?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, of course. Was I supposed to?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah...
(78:34) وَكَأْسًۭا دِهَاقًۭا
لَّا يَسْمَعُونَ فِيهَا لَغْوًۭا وَلَا كِذَّٰبًۭا (78:35)
جَزَآءًۭ مِّن رَّبِّكَ عَطَآءً حِسَابًۭا (78:36)
رَّبِّ ٱلسَّمَـٰوَٰتِ وَٱلْأَرْضِ وَمَا بَيْنَهُمَا ٱلرَّحْمَـٰنِ ۖ لَا يَمْلِكُونَ مِنْهُ خِطَابًۭا (78:37)
يَوْمَ يَقُومُ ٱلرُّوحُ وَٱلْمَلَـٰٓئِكَةُ صَفًّۭا ۖ لَّا يَتَكَلَّمُونَ إِلَّا مَنْ أَذِنَ لَهُ ٱلرَّحْمَـٰنُ وَقَالَ صَوَابًۭا (78:38)
ذَٰلِكَ ٱلْيَوْمُ ٱلْحَقُّ ۖ فَمَن شَآءَ ٱتَّخَذَ إِلَىٰ رَبِّهِۦ مَـَٔابًا (78:39)
إِنَّآ أَنذَرْنَـٰكُمْ عَذَابًۭا قَرِيبًۭا يَوْمَ يَنظُرُ ٱلْمَرْءُ مَا قَدَّمَتْ يَدَاهُ وَيَقُولُ ٱلْكَافِرُ يَـٰلَيْتَنِى كُنتُ تُرَٰبًۢا (78:40)