We praise God.
WA ASHHADU AN LA ILLAAHA ELLAA ALLAAH, VAHDAHU LAA SHARIKA LAH
and we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
Since I was not scheduled to give the Friday KHUTBA, I did not prepare anything. So, I will just chat with you.
And I will mix my Friday sermon with my scheduled welcome for all of you. It is really
a privilege and an honor for me to welcome the most important people on Earth. You are the most important people on Earth.
You have come to the realization that God is omnipotent, omniscient and he sees the path ahead of us
and can make better choices than we can do. Then, you decided to submit all your affairs in God's hand.
God repeatedly says in the Quran that only those who possess intelligence will come to me.
As you know from your own experiences by now, it is not easy to worship God alone
to uphold the word of God alone. You have come to realize that you are a privileged minority of a minority
Better, better expression is elite of the elite.
In the Quran, it is
(56:10) ٱلسَّـٰبِقُونَ ٱلسَّـٰبِقُونَ
In SURA 56, God described the very special people who come to the realization that God alone possesses all power
and decide to live their lives devoted to God alone. God is the only priority in their lives.
So, you can see why it is indeed an honor to me to welcome the most important people on Earth.
You've succeeded in attaining this worshipping God alone
and upholding his word alone. God says in the Quran in SURA number 3
God ordered us to say...
قل say
ٱللَّهُمَّ
our God
say
ٱللَّهُمَّ
our God
مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
God describes Himself as
مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
Possessor of all possessions
Possessor of all things. I repeat the statement in the Quran
لِّلَّهِ مَا فِى ٱلسَّمَـٰوَٰتِ وَ ٱلْأَرْضِ
to God belongs everything in the heavens and the Earth.
God is
مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
the Owner of all kingship.
Nobody owns anything in the heavens or the Earth. So, any intelligent creature will associate
himself with the One who possesses everything. He's the One who possesses all the provisions.
He's the One who controls your health, your wealth, your happiness. And this is stated very
clearly in SURA 54.
(53:48) وَأَنَّهُۥ هُوَ أَغْنَىٰ وَأَقْنَىٰ
He is the One who makes you rich or poor.
He is the one who decides whether you're happy or miserable.
(53:43) وَأَنَّهُۥ هُوَ أَضْحَكَ وَأَبْكَىٰ
He is the One who makes you happy or miserable. With the understanding that God does not make us miserable.
God's law dictates that we can make ourselves miserable according to God's law but nobody can make you happy or miserable.
Only God. This is precisely why God says only those who possess intelligence will come to Me.
God says say
ٱللَّهُمَّ مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
Our God, possessor of all possessions, Owner of everything in the heavens and the Earth.
تُؤْتِي الْمُلْكَ مَن تَشَاءُ
You'll give possessions to whomever you will or You give kingship to whomever you will.
وَتَنزِعُ الْمُلْكَ مِمَّن تَشَاءُ
You remove possessions or remove kingship from whomever you will or remove power from whomever you will.
وَتُعِزُّ مَن تَشَاءُ
You give dignity to whomever You wish. God is the only source of dignity and respect
وَتُذِلُّ مَن تَشَاءُ
And You humiliate or to...You remove... You remove dignity from whomever You will.
بِيَدِكَ الْخَيْرُ
In Your hand is all provisions, all good things.
God is teaching us to say this of God.
إِنَّكَ عَلَىٰ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ
You are omnipotent.
So, God is teaching us that, in very simple terms, repeated throughout the Quran that He's
the only one who possesses all power. So, what... what... what are we doing depending on anybody else?
You are the people who decided God is
مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
and as I will introduce you to each other
you're gonna see that in each one of you, in the light of each one of you, there are because you
have been put to the test and you are being put to the test. In the life of each one
of you, there are demonstrations and proof that you know that only God possesses all powers.
You've come across the people
who will try to divert you. Satan... you are the number one target of Satan and this is in accordance with God's law.
People will try to divert you and will use all kinds of tricks
and Satan will always work on you. It is not interested in those people out there or idol worshippers or disbelievers.
and one of the tricks they will use....
... so it doesn’t distract us.
The verse number 2 of SURA 29 says do the people think they'll be left to say
we believe without being put to the test? We have tested those before them for God
will surely distinguish those who are truthful from the liars. So, this is why you have to be tested
and we... we never cease to be amazed at how efficient the test is.
Recently, at the mosque of Tucson
if we have the number of people whom I just fell in love with, wonderful people.
And I always wondered are they strong believers who will make it? We were always praying for the people
to make it, to pass the test and we're pulling for them. At the same time, we're also interested in
in having God's test take place in order to sift away those who do not belong among us.
It is not something bad. It's been happening all the time that this sifting process
cause only the pure diamonds remain. Everything else of home blows to the top and is removed.
This very seemingly very strong people were subjected to tests recently.
They... they were called
Rashad is bad. Rashad is manipulating you. And this is by people who are sipping whiskey as they say that. Don't listen to Rashad.
It's surprising how the... the people are influenced.
They're tending to worship God alone, follow the word of God alone. Then, somebody who is sipping whiskey are telling them
Rashad is bad. Oh, you're right. Rashad is bad. Bye. They flunk the test so easily. This happens.
Satan will work on your ego and will say you... you're following Rashad Khalifa.
And you know better and I know better,
You do not follow Rashad Khalifa. We do not follow Muhammad or Jesus. We do not follow any human being.
We follow God. We know that. This is why we smile when they say that. But this is just about one of their last straws.
You follow Rashad Khalifa is the polite way. But usually they say you follow the crazy Rashad Khalifa.
They have to add some adjectives to just work even harder on our egos.
But we make it very clear we follow
مَـٰلِكَ ٱلْمُلْكِ
the Possessor of all kingship.
We follow only God. We follow only the word of God.
And as you know, I'm the first one to tell you, if it is my opinion
if it is Rashad Khalifa, don't follow him. Cause you'll probably do the wrong thing. If it is you
must... you must be sure you're following God and following the word of God and we'll go to
wary extend to make sure that we are following God and the word of God and not following the words of any human being.
TUBU ILLA ALLAH, repent.
ALHAMDULLILLAH. WA ASHHADU AN LA ILLAAHA ELLAA ALLAAH, VAHDAHU LAA SHARIKA LAH
Praise God and we bear witness that there is no god except the one God.
At this rate, it seems like I will finish the Friday sermon and finish the Friday prayer before Ismail Barakat is here.
Cause at 2 o'clock, we have the introductions and the welcome.
God says only the intelligent come to me.
and when we look in the Quran almost every place says the only unforgivable offense
maintained until death is idol worship. There's only one forgivab...
unforgivable offense at the time of death. When a person dies and had committed
murders and lies and cheats and theft and adultery and aggressions. All these are forgivable.
God gave us examples in the Quran.
Moses killed somebody. One of God's great prophets
There's only one unforgivable offense at the time of death and that is Idol worship. Idolatry.
Any person with the smallest amount of intelligence will say to himself
or herself if this is the only unforgivable offense, I'm going to avoid any suspicion of it
for the rest of my life, while I'm alive. Any hint of idol worship, I'm gonna get rid of it.
We look in the Quran and it says in SURA 3 verse 18 that God... God begins with Himself
شَهِدَ اللّهُ
God bears witness
أَنَّهُ لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ
that
لا اله الا الله
This is the SHAHADA according to ALLAH SUBHANAHU WA TA'ALA.
According to God, the SHAHADA is
لا اله الا الله
وَالْمَلاَئِكَةُ
and the angels. God lists the angels after Him.
وَأُوْلُواْ الْعِلْمِ
and those who possess knowledge.
So, there is the SHAHADA in plain language, in any language, in any translation. God bears witness that the SHAHADA is
لا اله الا الله
and so do the angels and those who possess knowledge. Therefore, if I say
لا اله الا الله
I'm right.
So, they tell you OK. put next to it
محمد رسول الله
Where... where did this come? Maybe, it's perfectly all right. Maybe. But maybe is a maybe.
Maybe, it's idol worship. Maybe, it's perfect but we're not sure and any intelligent person who knows
that the only unforgivable offense is idol worship will say since
لا اله الا الله is correct
and لا اله الا الله محمد رسول الله is
maybe. I'm gonna stick with لا اله الا الله
After all these are the words that came out of Muhammad's mouth.
He would certainly he would not blame me for saying لا اله الا الله on the Day of Judgement. I'm talking about God will not blame me.
And this is consistent through the Quran. In SURA Muhammad, SURA titled Muhammad, number 47, verse 19 says
فَٱعْلَمْ أَنَّهُۥ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ
you shall know that
لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ
The Muhammadans took it and they put
فَٱعْلَمْ أَنَّهُۥ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ محمد رسول الله
They added it and you'll see it here in this appendix.
They said know that
لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ
There is no god except ALLAH and Muhammad is RASOOL ALLAH, His messenger.
They added it.
And they put it in the caligraphy that looks like the Quran to the point that people who memorized the Quran were fooled.
They thought it is Quran.
Cause this kind of idolatry became so common that it became part of parceling the people's beliefs.
God says in the SURA entitled Muhammad
فَٱعْلَمْ أَنَّهُۥ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا ٱللَّهُ
So, why are they trying to push their idolatry on us? It doesn't make sense. Any intelligent person
knowing that idol worship is the only unforgivable offense will... will... will run away from any suspicion of idolatry.
So, then they turn against all you and they say why don't you believe that Muhammad is RASOOL ALLAH?
Well, the fact that you uphold the Quran is the biggest proclamation that we know that Muhammad is RASOOL ALLAH, God's messenger.
And we have examples that utterly destroyed their argument.
The Quran is the word of God and consistently God puts His scriptures ahead of the messengers and the prophets in the Quran.
God is talking to believers and those who believe in God
بِاللَّهِ وَمَلَائِكَتِهِ وَكُتُبِهِ وَرُسُلِهِ
God, His angels, His scriptures and His messengers. The scriptures, the word of God, comes ahead of the messengers always
in the Quran. So, you can ask them don't you believe... you believe the Quran is the word of God? They'll say yes. Then, OK. You should say LA ILLAHA ILLA ALLAH in Quran
کلام الله
Why don’t you say? Don't you believe Quran is کلام الله, the word of God? Why don’t you say LA ILLAHA ILLA ALLAH, the Quran is the word of God?
You see it's the same. This completely shuts them up.
They accuse you of being... hating Muhammad which is the exact opposite. They hate Muhammad.
And the Quran says only the hypocrites say Muhammad RASOOL ALLAH.
They added to that. They put Muhammad's name next to God's name. You can take this further and say
Why not say LA ILLAHA ILLA ALLAH, the sunrise is from the East? You know, there's no end to this.
Why? Don’t you believe that the sunrise is from the East?
So, there are millions of statements that we can put next to LA ILLAHA ILLA ALLAH that are absolutely correct.
but this is not the point. Verse 18 of SURA 3 says God bears witness that LA ILLAHA ILLA HU.
I lost my notes.
When they tell you you follow Rashad Khalifa if they're light or the crazy Rashad Khalifa if they are normal
You tell them we follow God. We follow God alone and follow the word of God alone.
The principle is very easy. If it is not in the Quran, we don’t... we have no consideration for it.
In this conference, you're gonna hear lots of views, personal views of many people.
Anybody can say anything they want.
But your criteria is the Quran. If it is not in the Quran, don’t believe it.
No matter who is talking to you.
Very simple principle. Because this is what we follow.
Even in this conference, Satan has to be represented especially in this conference
Satan has to be represented and you're going to hear some views and that are contrary to the Quran
and if you believe them, you deserve to believe.
Then maybe two or three people who will... who will be influenced.
Because the purpose of these people who are bringing views other than the Quranic views is to at least put doubt in your heart.
and if you as long as you have doubt in your heart, you are in the lowest rank of, of submission.
Remember the verse in SURA 49? Verse 11, I believe. It says
(49:14) قَالَتِ ٱلْأَعْرَابُ ءَامَنَّا
They said we are believers. God says do not say you're believers. Say you are Muslims until all doubt is gone.
So, their job is to put even a little bit of doubt in your heart
and when this happens, you know that God is testing you and that... unfortunately
if the doubt comes in my heart, unfortunately, I still have some doubts.
I'm still in the lowest rank. I'm still on my way. It's not hopeless yet.
But you must be aware of this principle. This is our principle. If it is not in the Quran, I don't believe it.
May or may not be correct. But if it is not in the Quran, I'm not following it.
We have time now to do the Friday prayer and then go into...
I can't linger any longer until Ismail is here. So, we'll just go prepare for the Friday prayer
and I'm sure Ismail will get his chance to express his views. He had prepared a very good KHUTBAH on the ink and paper.
But this... this is... this is not the Quran. The ink and paper, the physical book is not the Quran.
The Quran is in your heart. When the prophet Muhammad was taken to the seventh heaven to receive the Quran,
God did not give him a book. Ismail's here?
A man: No. I waited and I waited.
The messenger: Oh, he was supposed to come with you.
A man: Yes.
The messenger: How about the Washington group?
And where is Abdulwahid?
Brother Abdulwahid, is that you? Welcome to the conference.
So, looks like Ismail... we do believe that he'll be here for his own funeral. And now, it is confirmed.
AQEM AL-SALAT.