Donna: Okay. So, so, in verse 5, it goes along with that idea.
Whatever you do is, as long as you submit it to God, you're doing what God wants you to do.
Okay, and, and God doesn't even allow the disbelievers to do things, do things that He doesn't will.
He's in control of the actions of the disbelievers, too.
One of the ways He does that is that He sends angels to protect, protect the believers from the disbelievers' actions.
Okay, so if He knows that something needs to be protected, He'll send angels, and it says that in verse 6.
Then, we go on to verse 7.
[59:7] The spoils of war that GOD bestows upon His messenger from the banished inhabitants of the town shall go to GOD and the messenger (in the form of charity) to the relatives, the needy, and the alien. ...
[59:7] ... In this way, it will not be monopolized by the rich among you. Any gains will the messenger gives you, you shall accept, and whatever he forbids you, you shall leave. Beware of GOD. GOD is the most strict in imposing punishment.
[59:8] The spoils shall also go to the poor immigrants who were evicted from their homes and deprived of their properties in seeking GOD's grace and pleasure, and supporting GOD and His messenger. These are the truthful.
Okay. I'll stop there.
What shifts the gears again. We read about the spoils of war and how we shouldn't make the, the spoils of war shouldn't be given to the rich to make them richer and more powerful, you know.
There are people that need things, and they should be given to them so that, you know, to be fair.
It's, you know, I think about, like in World War II again, how
Donna: Hitler and all the people, they were, they were taking all the riches from the places that they
Dr. Khalifa: invaded.
Donna: invaded.
And, you know, the richer just got, rich got richer and more powerful, and, you know, the poor were left on their own.
And God is most fair, and so He says "give it to the poor and those who need it."
Ok.
Donna: Are there any comments on this page so far?
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, let me comment here on this Exodus.
Okay, we hear over and over again, God is telling us that He controls the minds and the hearts
of every single creature, every single ant, every single elephant, every single human being on earth.
And over and over again, He's telling you that you have an invisible giant standing
by you to protect you as one of God's people.
There's an invisible giant standing, going wherever your children go, anything connected with you.
When you go take a test, there's an angel with you, an invisible giant.
And they know everything about nuclear physics, the mathematics, geography, psychology.
And they deal with your kids.
Here we have an example of the enemies of the...
The believers were overwhelmed.
They were a small minority, and all the tribes banded together to finish Islam once and for all.
And finish Muhammad, and finish all the people who believed with him.
And they were a very small minority.
The armies were huge.
Now, these are all the tribes of Arabia, united, to wipe out Islam once and for all.
And they went around Medina.
And they had allies inside the city, in the hearts of the, among the believers.
But they couldn't do it.
There's no way they can do it.
God puts terror in their hearts, as you see in Exodus and they just left their homes on their own accord.
They were terrified, because it's not them.
It's not up to them.
So, they had to leave their homes on their own. They left their lands, their homes, their properties, and they just fled.
The believers didn't do anything. They didn't need to.
And, and you recall from Sura 33, the battle of the parties. The angels took care of
all those parties that were surrounding Medina to finish Islam, and the prophet, and the Muslims, once and for all.
Violent wind blew them away, literally blew them away. And they had to leave.
And this is, you, you read in the Quran consistently, that God's system does not change.
There's an invisible giant standing by you to protect you, to serve you, to tell you "I'm your friend."
And to go with your children wherever they go.
You have grown up girls, don't think they are not chaperones, they are chaperones. They are protectors.
You don't have to worry about a single one of them.
And this is no longer just a, a bunch of talk.
We have here, in this mosque, we have a track record, right here. And we've seen examples. We've seen both sides of the coin.
So, we know what we're talking about. I mean, we are living the Quran.
Even if God did not decree exodus for them, He would have punished them in this life anyway.
Because those who side against God, they just have no chance.
The Quran repeatedly says "do not be impressed by their apparent successes, their apparent temporary successes.
Their very success becomes the source of their misery in this world. They're not happy.
Do not be, do not be impressed by their apparent successes if they are successful.
So, I hope I'm impressing on you enough that you have confidence in God that He is sending His forces with you.
The Quran consistently talks about invisible soldiers. These invisible soldiers, they are with the believers.
And the problem with those people out there in the street, they don't believe in the invisible. They only believe in the visible.
And our visible range is very limited, by the way. In fact, this light, the visible range, there are only seven colors? About seven colors in the visible range.
And it's a very narrow range.
Beyond that, we don't see.
And there are things that we know exist. The X-ray exists. The ultraviolet exists.
Ultra is on one end, and the X-ray is on the other end.
No, excuse me, they're both on the same end, but the X-rays are shorter than UV. Infrared is on the other side. We do not see the infrared.
We were talking about the infrared one time, and we said, you can take a picture of that couch after
David and Frank leave, and you'll see them there, after they leave.
And if one of them punches the other in the face, we will know who punched who.
After they leave, because of the infrared.
But the UV and X-rays are invisible. UV is what hits you when you sit in the sun too long.
And we're all aware of the X-ray.
We don't see them, but they are powerful.
So, this is just a tiny sample of the invisibles.
You have an invisible giant standing by you.
If somebody comes to punch you on the nose, you can imagine what will happen to them.
Unless you deserve it. Then, the punch will come through. Measured.
The spoils of war.
Of course, only the strong, young, powerful, abled will, will go to war, and they will get spoils of war.
So, God is saying, to be fair and distribute them at least one-fifth of them must go out.
In the Shia sect, they, they take advantage of this one-fifth business.
And it is common in the Shia village that a man with a black turban will go to the house
and says "give me one-fifth of everything you own. I'm a descendant of the prophet."
And they would give him one-fifth of their... This is true? So, some people told me.
Khoms (خمس) they call it. One-fifth.
So, it, it is a misinterpretation of this, of this law for abuse.
One of the most abused verses, verses in the Quran is verse 7, where it says, whatever
the messenger gives you, you shall take, and whatever he forbids you, do not take.
It has to do with the, with the spoils of war, but they, they make it to mean Hadith and Sunnah.
So, there is abuse in all the sects of Islam, so-called sects.
Of course, in Sura 6, verse 159, it says, if you divide yourself into sects, you do not belong with God or with the messenger.
So, both sects, the Sunnis and the Shias, are not Muslims. By their own admission.
You ask "what are you?" "I'm a Sunni."
Who's gonna say that on the Day of Judgment?
"What are you?" "I'm a Sunni."
"What are you?" "I'm a Shia."
They don't say Muslim.
So, both of them abuse these verses in this particular Sura.
And you know something? I do go along with them. I say "okay, what the messenger gives you, take, and what he forbids you, don't take.
He gave you the Quran. He uttered only the Quran.
So, even though they abuse the verse, I do go along with them.
Are there any questions on this?
Are you gonna forget that you have an invisible giant behind you?
And with your kids, with your affairs. Don't forget that.
Okay, we'll go back to verse 9, Donna
Donna: [59:9] And those who had established their homes in their faith previously, where they welcome the immigrants to come to them, they find no hesitation in their hearts to give them what they need. ...
[59:9] ... they even prefer them over themselves, even though they themselves may be in need. Anyone who spare the stingy nature of himself, these are the winners.
[59:10] As for the immigrants who came later to Islam, they say, "Our Lord, forgive us and forgive those who preceded us to Islam, remove from our hearts any hatred toward the believers. Our Lord, You are the Compassionate, Most Merciful."
Okay, these are fairly straightforward.
You know, people that, when, when a person comes to you and they are in need, a Muslim is gonna
help out, you know, when, when you see that there's a real need, you know.
And they even go out of their way to help a, a needy person, as long as it doesn't interrupt their worshipping God alone.
Ok. That always comes first.
And then, it says, the immigrants who come later, you know, they, you know, they ask God to help them, well, it
says, forgive those who preceded them to Islam.
But then it says, to remove any hatred from their heart. Ok?
And the, the believers should always hang together.
Okay, there was... what is it?
There's a verse. I wrote it down, 3:103.
Sura 3, 103.
[3:103] You shall hold fast to the rope of GOD, all together, and do not be divided. Reappeared appreciate of GOD's favors upon you—you used to be enemies and He reconciled your hearts. By His grace, you became brethren. ... GOD thus explains the revelations for you, that you may be guided.
Donna: And the believers should... Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Sure, it must have been a while ago.
Donna: The believers should be united, you know, and there shouldn't be hatred.
And, and we should ask God, you know, to help us, you know, not be enemies or to remove any hatred between us.
Then, it goes on to verse 11.
[59:11] The hypocrites said to their allies ...
Dr. Khalifa: Let me, let me give you a little rest here on these two verses, 9 and 10. Donna: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I want to, this is, this gives me a chance to, to thank God and be proud of something that our community done.
And it's a perfect example of living the Quran. You all know Emily.
She, she works Friday nights, unfortunately, but soon God will give her time to work here.
But she packed everything in New York and she moved here.
And she had, there was a period of time when she was looking for a job.
And she has no means, she had no means of support.
And I tell you, during all this time when she needed help, this drawer was full of envelopes with Emily's name on it.
People were pitching in and helping her.
And she kept her on her feet until she was standing on her own feet.
I don't know who all those people are, but, you know, we're a small community. We're not wealthy.
But this drawer had enough support for Emily.
There were sealed envelopes with her name on it.
And I passed them on to her and that helped her.
Just like she didn't feel the...
But, but this is an example of immigrants who joined the believers.
And the people who are established helped them.
And I know, I mean, this is not the only example. I was giving you a good example.
This, this will always happen. This always happened in the past. And it happens naturally.
When you're a believer, God guides you into doing these things.
So, I just wanted to note this.
And also, I wanna go back to the protection and give you, I think we learn best by the real-life examples of things that happened to us.
I'm sure Lori will not mind mentioning her accident sometime back.
But there is an example of an invisible, invisible giant who is with you.
Lori was in an accident.
She was thrown out of the car.
And then, she took care of the driver. Her sister was driving. And her sister went to the hospital. Now, nothing happened to her.
She took care of her sister. Now, if you're thrown out of a car, you will hit something or something will hit you. But no, nothing.
I mean, you can imagine the invisible giant was carrying her outside in perfect safety.
Ok. this is what I meant by a track record. There are many, many examples. That was one of them. Real-life examples.
Dr. Khalifa: And we thank God for teaching us in real-life and through the Quran.
A man: Can I ask a question?
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead.
A man: It says, removing our hearts from hatred toward believers. What it was saying that through (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Which verse is this?
A woman: 10.
Dr. Khalifa: 10?
That's for the immigrants who came later to Islam. They say
[59:10] ... "Our Lord, forgive us and forgive those who preceded us to Islam. Remove from our hearts any hatred toward ...
These were people who were fighting each other.
They were trying to kill each other.
And then, the disbelievers became believers and joined the camp of... So,
And these are people who killed my brother, my cousin, my father in war.
They, they were engaged in war. And now they joined. I mean, they know that this guy killed my father or this guy killed my brother.
And now he's a believer. So,
And God did remove hatred from their hearts and they became like a family.
I mean, you have to take (unintelligible) to those days and understand what was going on.
A woman: Rashad, even today, we, we hear, we hear so much of the news that's bad, negative about Muslims, that in this
A woman: culture, in this country, you can come to think of Muslims as being horrible people.
Dr. Khalifa: No, never. A woman: And then, God chooses to guide you to this.
A woman: Then, all of a sudden you know the difference and have that.
(unintelligible)
A woman: But it is easy to have Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
A woman: a wrong impression on Islam due to the so-called Muslims.
Dr. Khalifa: Yep. They did a good job giving Islam a bad name.
A woman: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I don't really blame the, the Americans.
Donna: But also, it doesn't have to be a deep-seated hatred.
It can be just differences between people.
There's always gonna be differences, differences between, well, just personalities.
And, you know, you've kind of gotta make compromises and so forth
Donna: so that the believers are united again and stay together as a family.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a very nice prayer. "Remove hatred from our hearts." Donna: Yeah. A woman: Yes.
Donna: Okay, are we ready to go on?
Dr. Khalifa: 11. Yes.
Donna: Okay.
[59:11] Hypocrites said to their allies who disbelieved among the followers of the previous scripture, "If you are banished we will go with you. We will not obey anyone against you. If been fought against, we will support you." GOD bears witness that they are the liars.
Donna: If...
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Donna: [59:12] If they do get banished, they will not go with them, and if they are fought against, they will not support them. Even if they supported them, they will turn around and flee. They will never attain victory.
[59:13] Indeed, they fear you a lot more than they fear GOD. This is because they do not comprehend.
[59:14] They will not fight you together unless protected in formidable castles, or behind walls. Their power among themselves seems impressive. And you would think that they are united, but in their hearts they are divided. This is because they do not understand.
[59:15] Just like those before them, they will suffer the consequences of their works. They have deserved painful retribution.
[59:16] They are like the devil who says to the human being, "Disbelieve," then when he disbelieves, he says, "I have nothing to do with you. I fear the Lord of the universe."
[59:17] The consequence for both of them is eternal Hell. This is the requital for the wicked.
Now, I'll go back to verse 11, here.
And this, this set of verses is talking about hypocrites and disbelievers and lump them together.
And the hypocrites are saying to the disbelievers "okay. we are with you, we are with you." You know.
And, and you know, "we'll go with you." And
If, if, if they do get banished, they don't go with them. I mean,
The hypocrites are, you know, they stay in one place. They're just hypocrites.
You know, and that's reason God has saved the best place in Hell for them
because they don't make, they don't go with that group, they don't go with that group.
You know, they, they just stay on the fence post.
Ok. And they, they, they fear everybody else, the hypocrites do,
They, instead of God, as they should.
Ok. They, they are worried about what everybody else is gonna think about, you know.
Well, "we don't wanna... We wanna be with this group, but we wanna be with this group." And you know, it doesn't work that way.
Ok. And they, they won't fight. 7 verse 14, they won't fight unless they are behind some big wall, thinking that that's gonna protect them, you know.
And you already found out over here, in the first set of verses, that, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't protect you from God, you know.
If God's will is for them to be destroyed, then nothing will protect them.
In, in, also in this verse 14, it says you would think they were united, but in, but in reality, they're, they're all divided.
You know, it's just like the Muslims now.
They're all, you think they're all one group, especially the Christians, that don't know anything about Islam. You know, they think all Muslims.
You know, there's whole lot of them. There's a whole lot of them. You know, they're striking terror and everything.
But there is Sunnis, there is whatever.
I, I can't even think of them all. You know, and even, even between those, they are fighting.
And one guy believes something and one guy believes something else.
You know, and that's, that's one reason why it's nice for the believers to be united
Because, I mean, the way they're so divided, one united group of believers is more than this divided group and this divided group, you know.
It's, it, it also shows their disbelief and their arrogance.
They, they always wanna follow their own way.
And so, you know, it's like a two-step this morning, you know. They kick each other's butt.
Donna: And... A man: I have a question.
Donna: Ok.
A man: (unintelligible) I guess, discuss over and over (unintelligible)
A man: What are the causes for human being to be a hypocrite?
Dr. Khalifa: The causes?
A man: The choice, is it by himself or herself, given to him by God? Why the person chooses to be a con hypocrite?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Hypocrisy is lack of belief.
Ok? So,
The belief is not there.
And what they're doing is going along with whatever group they're with.
Dr. Khalifa: So, they're really worshipping their own ego.
A man: Is it a choice that they are making (unintelligible) or...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, of course. Yeah. It's a choice that they're making. Yes.
A man: If so, why some are making, some are not (unintelligible)? Is there anything with God, or genetically or naturally (unintelligible)
A man: Is there any second power behind their mind?
Dr. Khalifa: It's a conclusion that they reach on their own. I mean, this is a decision they make.
We, we study our surroundings, and we look at the universe around us, then we decide to believe
in God, or disbelieve in God, or go along with the crowd, wherever we are.
So, these are the three kinds of people:
Dr. Khalifa: believers, disbelievers, and hypocrites.
A man: The reason I'm asking like that (unintelligible)
A man: Mujahidan Al-Munafiqin (مجاهدین المنافقین) (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, they're called Mujahedin Khalq (مجاهدین خلق)?
A man: Yeah, those are the people, they're confused. They say they are Mujahed (مجاهد).
(unintelligible)
he needs to return that to the time of Muhammad
(unintelligible)
A man: What are the definition of a person (unintelligible) Mujahed and Munafiq?
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. The definition of a hypocrite is one who says that he's a believer when in his or her heart are not believers.
They say they are believers, and usually they don't know that they are not believers.
So, God gives us criteria in the Quran. For example,
I know now for a fact that they are forbidden by God from saying "La Elaha Ella Allah"
without saying "Muhammad Rasulallah."
I mean, I did my own experiments.
I used my education to run some experiments, and I find it true.
I mean, there is, the last time I challenged the person, I said "you are forbidden by God from saying La Elaha Ella Allah."
And he could not say "La Elaha Ella Allah" without saying "Muhammad Rasulallah."
He was unable to say it.
So, here's a person who claims to be a believer, but he's not. So, God gives us the criterion, criteria.
One of them is when God alone is mentioned, they don't like it.
When Muhammad is mentioned with him, or somebody else is mentioned with God, then they like it. This is in Sura 39, verse 45.
So, there are criteria in the Quran that will tell the person whether he or she is a, a believer or not.
So, the definition, now a disbeliever is one who says he doesn't believe. That's a disbeliever.
And the Quran writes about them two verses.
But a hypocrite is one who says that he or she is a believer when they are not believers.
And this is why the Quran writes 13 verses about them.
Because they are more damaging than the disbelievers. The disbeliever, you know, you know the position.
Dr. Khalifa: But the hypocrite is, is a person who claims to be a believer. What can you do?
A man: (unintelligible)
A man: they used (unintelligible) and all (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: They didn't call themselves Munafiqun. They never called themselves Munafiqun.
A man: Yeah, that's right.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. There's nobody on earth who thinks that he or she is going to Hell.
Dr. Khalifa: So, but we know from the Quran that the majority of people are going to Hell.
Hamid: Dr. Khalifa...
Dr. Khalifa: First, before you say anything, I confused you with Mohsen Bilyani.
Hamid: Oh, Really? Dr. Khalifa: I called you Mohsen.
Dr. Khalifa: I forget your name.
Hamid: Because you just... it's okay if you confuse me with Mohsen.
Dr. Khalifa: You say you and Mohsen are very close.
Dr. Khalifa: So, well, do you wanna introduce yourself?
Hamid: Well, I need to come with him here.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, I know.
Hamid: Sometime.
Dr. Khalifa: I just discovered recently that I confused you with Mohsen. That I called you Mohsen.
Hamid: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: But your name is?
Hamid: Well, he's not here.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, he is here.
Hamid: Is he?
Hamid: Is he (unintelligible)?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I just saw him the other day. This is when I said "hey, wait a minute. This is Mohsen."
Hamid: But, doctor, I'm not losing my hair. The guy doesn't have any...
Dr. Khalifa: Give me your name first. And that's (unintelligible)
Hamid: I'm Hamid.
Dr. Khalifa: Hamid, okay.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible). Go ahead.
Hamid: Now, going back to our discussion, does Quran categorizes the hypocrites worse than non-believers?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Hamid: Is that the reason that there are more verses about them?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, there's a statement in Sura 4 that says the hypocrites are in the lowest pit of Hell.
Hamid: Right. And also,...
Dr. Khalifa: Now, a good example of the, of the hypocrites, if I may say so, is Khomeini, for example.
Hamid: Right. Right.
Dr. Khalifa: He's a person who thinks he's the leader of the Islamic revolution.
Hamid: He's the biggest hypocrite of all.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly.
Hamid: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: But he really, he believes, he sincerely believes that he is a believer.
Dr. Khalifa: But he doesn't act according to the Quran. Hamid: Do you know why?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes?
Dr. Khalifa: Go ahead.
Hamid: Basically, in the, my brother was mentioning about what it was going on in, in Iran. They use it in their own benefit.
And cause I think the line is very fine line.
It's sometimes even confusing for the ordinary people to really recognize this, you know, who is who, and which is which.
And that makes it a little bit, unfortunately, hard.
Sometimes very painful and costly, like, like what, what we are witnessing in, in the case of, you know, what this offer.
Hamid: (unintelligible) Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Hamid: Go ahead.
Hamid: Information (unintelligible) information that Quran says (unintelligible)
non-believer, right, but he can go to the Khomeini (unintelligible) and change the verses from Quran (unintelligible) recently in
(unintelligible)
you can see that in Sura 1 saying (unintelligible)
Hamid: hypocrites are worse than non-believer. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, the Quran definitely says that the hypocrites are worse in the lowest pit of Hell.
Hamid: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Cause here, I mean, before the whole world, the whole world looks at them as Muslims. They're acting in the name of Islam.
I mean, the last four weeks, they executed 400 people in Iran because of drugs, supposedly.
Hamid: Yesterday, according to BBC, 85 people, yesterday alone was executed but... Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: This makes it 400 in 4 weeks. Now, the trial takes one week.
And, I mean, they don't, maybe some of these people are insane. Maybe, they have pain and they need to take drugs.
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, they don't even take drugs.
Parivash: No. But then...
Dr. Khalifa: So, this is in the name of Islam.
Parivash: No, I, I had a letter from my mom. And she said that was the worst. And the drug dealer, they were anywhere.
They saw, they saw them in any street anywhere.
And they were so scared because they had young kids. And they were so scared because of this.
And they don't like somebody was killed because of that. But I had another letter.
They said "yeah, when they killed some of these, that was, I mean, at least they can't see it anywhere, these drug dealers."
Parivash: And that's, because we are here, we don't know. That's what my mom doesn't, she's not in this, any politics or anything of this.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Parivash: That was the letter I have from her. And we don't, we are here, we don't know what's going over there. If they keep,
the drug is over there because of this situation.
Parivash: Because they're young people, they don't have anything over there. And the drug is, is all over there in the country.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Parivash: And this is easy.
Parivash: When you, you wanna buy a drug, it's cheaper than if you, you buy a cigarette, a pack of cigarettes.
Dr. Khalifa: They know what hashish is...
Parivash: No, the, the heroin.
Dr. Khalifa: Heroin. Yes.
Parivash: Yeah, that's, that's the worst thing. When you can buy it, cheaper than that...
Dr. Khalifa: It's all over the place.
Parivash: Yeah, it's all over the place.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, but who said that drug addicts or drug dealers should be killed?
Parivash: That is, that's not from the Islam.
Parivash: They do it because they, they want to save. I, I don't know. I'm not talking about...
Dr. Khalifa: Will that save the country?
Praivash: To save the country.
Dr. Khalifa: The country needs to be saved from them.
Parivash: I don't know because, I don't know. That, that is not something...
Parivash: When you are living over there, you have kids.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Parivash: You wanna protect them.
Dr. Khalifa: From heroin?
Parivash: Yeah, this is one of the worst things, I think.
Hamid: Well, yeah. Ironically, you have written... I'm sorry, I just don't wanna interrupt it.
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, go ahead. Yeah.
Hamid: This business actually may be a waste of time for some other person (unintelligible)
But the situation is really worsening every day. And, and we hear, here, also.
We know Iran is going through its darkest period right at this time.
Hamid: And hopefully, we will come out of it
Dr. Khalifa: IN SHAA ALLAH
Hamid: IN SHAA ALLAH
Hamid: And, but it was even mentioned in one of the regime's newspapers that one family sold their daughter and son
in southern part of Iran next to Pakistan.
He sold, because he was addicted to heroin, he sold his daughter for 35,000 Toman and,
for his son for 35,000 Toman and his daughter for 5,000 Toman which is probably like $250 or
Hamid: $200 in, in, just to give an app.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, to continue, this is a regime newspaper. I don't know if I believe it or not.
Hamid: Well, I'm saying, I'm saying once in a while they can't even...
It is happening. This is, this is one app. from a hundred. But, you know, they can't really deny the whole thing.
Hamid: And they try to minimize it, but it is really... Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a mess anyway.
Hamid: It is so mess
Hamid: even United States told its allies not to give this government that money that they wanted.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Hamid: But it is very unstable.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Maybe, this, this proceeds the true Islam. True Islam will come to Iran, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Hamid: And one more, just a second (unintelligible). 10% of the population will be addicted to drugs (unintelligible).
Hamid: Because it will be 5 million, according to the (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: They're addicted to drugs?
Hamid: Yeah. 10% of the whole population. The whole country. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, I don't know.
Parivash: 10% will be young people, not the old people. This is the whole thing.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, 10 or 15% of the Egyptians have been smoking hashish for a hundred years.
Dr. Khalifa: And nothing has happened to them with this.
Dr. Khalifa: This is their problem. Hamid: Why is nothing happening to them?
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, back to Donna and verse what?
Donna: 18.
Donna: Well, I'd like to point out that we refer to verse 16 where it says that Satan says
"disbelieve" and then he says, when, you know,
then when the person disbelieves, he says "okay, you know, I fear God myself, you know."
Donna: I don't have anything to do with you, you know.
A man: "Bye."
Donna: And it's a very strong verse. I would like to point that out. And we refer to it quite often.
You know,
Satan, satan himself knows who really controls things, and he fears himself. Okay.
Then on to verse 18.
[59:18] O you who believe, beware of GOD, and let each of you examine what he or she has advanced for the coming day. You shall observe GOD, for GOD is Cognizant of everything you do.
[59:19] Do not be like those who forgot GOD, so He made them forget their own souls. These are the wicked.
[59:20] Not equal are those who have deserved Hell and those who have deserved Heaven; Those who have deserved Heaven are the winners.
Okay. As Muslims, even on a, on a daily basis or even every hour or moment, every time you can remember,
think about what you're, we should think about we're doing, you know.
Make sure that it's what God wants, you know.
(unintelligible) And make sure that we're on the right track.
And then, our prayers help us do that, you know.
By praying, we get back on the right track and back to thinking about God.
It keeps us from falling into sin.
And then in verse 19, it says,
[59:19] Do not be like those who forgot GOD, ...
There's a verse in the (unintelligible) that we say all the time, you know "remember God so that He may remember you."
Well, if you forget God, it's, it's like Abdullah was talking about one time in Khutba "you pick your own Lord", you know.
If you pick your job or whatever is the one that you occupy your mind with the most, well, you've forgotten God. You,
You know, that job becomes your god. That's the one you worry about, think about the most.
And so, when you think about something other than God, or I'll say, if you occupy your mind with something other than God,
then you forget to feed your own soul, you know.
You, you aren't thinking about God so that He can help you in your daily life and you remember God. So, it's,
it's just that, like an equation, you know. It's, it's a balanced kind of equation, you know. You remember God and He remembers you.
You forget God and you starve your soul and God's, you, you pick some other god other than God.
And those that pick other gods, you know, are the losers in the Hereafter.
Their, their souls are starved and they won't be able to withstand the presence of God.
And only those who have fed their souls and remembered God are gonna be the winners and be strong enough to be close to God.
Donna: Ok. Are there any comments about those, those beautiful verses?
Dr. Khalifa: Any questions?
Dr. Khalifa: Abdullah.
Abdullah: Verse 18, the Lord says,
[59:18] ... let each of you examine what he or she has advanced for the coming day. ...
We now understand...
we have to frequently examine where we stand.
And hopefully each day, at the end of each day, we look at what we have done, whether it's in accordance
with what God had us do, or we've been breaking any laws,
so that we don't get into the wishful thinking that we believe and we'll make it.
Cause we have to examine our actions frequently and see we're in the right path because
it's very easy to deviate from the right path and still think that we've, we're being guided, but we may not be.
So, and God gives us how we do that, like whether what we're doing is in accordance with the Quran and this is our guidance.
And if, and if we examine neutrally, what they're calling it,
just look at what you've done every day or every week, then you can see whether you're in the right path.
But a lot of people, just they say they believe and they never think what, what they are doing. And that's what God is saying.
We surely examine what we hear or see, advance for the coming day because whatever we are doing is for the Hereafter.
Abdullah: And this world is temporary and we are working for the Hereafter and we have to examine what we're doing for the Hereafter.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Finished, Hamid?
Hamid: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
A man: My question was aimed to the same verse and I guess...
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible). Go ahead.
A man: I don't know. I feel, I guess it's like, you know, where I will be faithful, you know, you can just get right on the (unintelligible) of it.
A man: (unintelligible) I guess
(unintelligible) here and there
A man: like (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That asking God for forgiveness in itself is an act of remembering God.
I want to give you an analogy from this life, okay?
Just think about David Dixon is doing to guarantee a good life between the age of, say, 30 and 65, 35 years.
He goes through school, and this applies to all of us, I'm just using David as an example,
And because he's having such rough time, it's really rough, medical school is very difficult.
You go to school, grade school, junior high, high school, college, examinations, tests,
staying up all night, homework, and this is to prepare for 35 or 30 or 40 years.
Now, after that comes retirement, say 10, 20 years, for which people prepare their IRA,
their Individual Retirement Account, and they're very worried, you know, what, what they will have.
Okay, what comes after that, after retirement?
Let us say, not 40 years, let's say 40 million years. It's, it's forever, 40 million years.
So, what are we doing for those 40 million years?
For 40 years, you're going through all this studying and homework and all this
rough, you told me today it's rough, and every student now at the university knows how rough it is.
And this is just for 20 or 30 or 40 years.
But God is telling us in this verse, examine what you have advanced for the coming day, an eternal day.
The Day of Resurrection is an eternal day, 40 million years. How much are you going to need then?
In your 40 years here, you need, let's say $20,000 if you're really poor. $20,000 in 40 years is $800,000. This is what you need in this life.
And for these $800,000, you go to school and you work hard, and you,
you're very polite to your teachers, so they give you a good grade, and they'll do anything they say.
"Come here 3 o'clock in the morning, we're having a special class." Then, you go at 3 o'clock in the morning.
"We're having a field trip." You'll go to the field trip. "You study all night." You're gonna study all night.
You do all this for the $800,000 that you need in this world.
Dr. Khalifa: Now for 40 million years,...
Dr. Khalifa: There you go.
God told you exactly what to do for your PRA, Post Retirement Account.
How to, to advance the funds for your PRA, the most important period of your life.
Every Prayer, every Contact Prayer, God gives you, let us say, a million dollars. It's actually more than that.
But God puts in your account a million dollars. And every time you remember God, you put, you make a deposit.
So, examine, on this verse here it means, you ask yourself every day "how much does it put in my PRA account?"
You must examine yourself every day, because on that day, when you wake up
for the Day of Resurrection, you're gonna open your, your PRA book and say "how much do I have?"
That will decide what you're going to be for eternity.
I mean, here you go to school and you work very hard to have a nice, decent life here. You have to do the same for eternity.
Are you gonna have a decent life there forever? You're gonna be an honored person?
You're gonna be a humiliated person.
It is all in your hands. God left it up to you. You can make deposits as much as you want.
In this world, when you get your check, you go to the bank and you make a deposit in your savings account or your bank account.
And God gave you infinite amount of deposits that you can make.
You have the five Prayers. There's the five deposits every day that you make in your account over there.
And it is literally, this is what it says,
[59:18] O you who believe, ...
you
[59:18] O you who believe, beware of GOD, and let each of you examine what he or she has advanced for the coming day. ...
How many deposits did you make today? Examine that.
And then, it tells you how to make the deposits. It says,
[59:18] ... You shall observe GOD, ...
This is how, in the same verse.
You observe God by, by doing the five, this is the minimum, the five daily Prayers, by being honest, truthful, being kind to the people,
being an exemplary person.
[59:18] ... for GOD is Cognizant of everything you do.
meaning, every deposit you make is gonna be multiplied many folds
because you're building up interest. God's interest is very high, 7000%.
That's God's interest.
That's the minimum, excuse me. Because God says, He gives even more than that.
Dr. Khalifa: So, the Quran puts things in perspective and makes us aware
Dr. Khalifa: that the most important part of our life comes after death.
Hamid: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, the CD (Certificate of Deposit) account, and by the way, you, you can draw benefits now, not you can, you have to.
You draw benefits now.
I think Hamid missed the part about the invisible giants that we have. This is part of the benefits that you'll draw.
Because you, you, you benefit from the account right now.
And 19 tells you
[59:19] Do not be like those who forgot GOD, ...
So again, it's telling you how to make deposits into your most important account, by remembering God.
[59:19] Do not be like those who forget GOD, then He made them forget their own souls. ...
meaning, they forgot to make deposits for their soul.
You're going to need that deposit when you get there, because you have the eternity ahead of you.
And this is the only time you can make the deposits. Now is the only time.
Over there it's too late. If you, somebody opens an account and there's zero in it, you can't come back here to make deposits.
This is the only time.
Are there any questions?
Dr. Khalifa: We'll go back to Donna and 21. Or 20?
Donna: 21.
Dr. Khalifa: 21.
Donna: Awesomeness of Quran
[59:21] If we revealed this Quran to a mountain, you would see it trembling, crumbling, out of reverence for GOD. We cite these examples for the people, that they may reflect.
[59:22] He is the One GOD; there is no god except He. He's the Knower of secrets and declarations. He is the Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
[59:23] He is the One GOD; there is no god except He. The King, the Sacred, the Peaceful, the Faithful, the Supreme, the Almighty, the Powerful, the Dignified. GOD be glorified; over and above anything they idolize.
[59:24] He is the One GOD; the Creator, the Initiator, the Designer. To Him belong the most beautiful names. Glorifying Him is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is Almighty, the Wise.
Ok.
These, these verses are very strong verses, and they're, they're my favorite verses.
Me and Abdullah, we used to listen to these. We had a tape of them and we would listen to it every Ramadan.
These three verses always remind me of Ramadan.
We were younger and could stay up more at night, we would just listen to these.
We would listen to these in the Arabic.
And, you know, this Quran is, you know, it's the word of God, and nothing can match it.
And, you know, the mountain, it does what God wants it to do.
And it, it knows how, it knows who God is. It knows, it knows the power of God.
Donna: And it sounds kind of silly, but we should strive to be like the mountain, you know. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Donna: I think about of, how the angels, you know, it may sound a little bit funny, but you
you should try to be an angel. I mean, they do what God wants them to do. They're the ones that made the right decision in the first place.
And they submit to God and do what God wants them to do. And you know,
the mountain knows that, and angels know that. And God's trying to tell us, here, what to do, what He wants us to do.
He spelled it out for us through what He calls here
[59:21] ... examples for ... people, that they may reflect.
This book is, there's no nonsense history. It's full of examples that we should learn from, you know.
History is useless unless, unless you learn from it.
And God's given us a concise but exact history here, and we should learn from it, learn to be like the mountain and the angels.
And it says clearly here "La Elaha Ella Allah." And there's nothing after it, except God's names here.
And He is, He is, He knows all our intentions, all our secrets, all, He's All-Knowing by definition, I know it.
And when I was going to the U, in our philosophy class, we learned that God by definition is All-Knowing, and All-Powerful, you know.
But God, but people don't, don't stop to think about that, you know. They don't even stop to think what God means.
And so then, they get these things, well. "We gotta help God, and we gotta do this for God", you know.
"God can't do it Himself", you know. But God by definition is All-Knowing, and Almighty, and All-Powerful,
by definition alone. And then, it goes on to say He's the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, you know.
He's given us a chance here on earth to, to, to, a second chance,
you know, to do what's right, to be like the angels and the mountains, because we were so stupid in the beginning.
And then again, it says "La Elaha Ella Allah." And then, it goes on to name God's names again.
And it says "the King." And in our class, we taught the kids, you know, if,
if God is your King, then wherever you, then you're always in God's Kingdom, you know,
if God is your King, you know, because God is everywhere, so wherever you are is God's Kingdom, as long as God is your King.
He's the Sacred, the Peace. There's no peace without God.
Happiness can only be achieved through God, and happiness is true peace inside.
Oh, I skipped over the Sacred. He's, you know, the Highest, the Most Holy.
Cause then it says He's the Faithful, and if you turn to verse, Sura 2, verse 186, it's a section on Ramadan, again.
It says,
[2:186] And when My servants ask you about Me, I am always near. I respond to the call of any caller who calls on Me. ...
Therefore, I shall respond to... they, they shall...
[2:186] ... Therefore, they shall respond to Me, and believe in Me, that they may attain guidance.
God's always there when we need Him, you know. And, you know, He's just there to help us all the time.
He's the Supreme. He's the Best, the Almighty, the Powerful, by definition, you know, and the Dignified.
We're told in the Quran that in the Hereafter, we'll be humble, because we're nothing compared to God, you know.
All dignity belongs to God. And we're nothing. We're dust particles and less than dust particles in comparison to God.
[59:23] ... GOD be glorified; over and above anything they idolize.
Then, we went over these verses with the kids tonight. We were talking about how there's,
whatever is good here on earth, whatever is,
you might say something that is terrific or the best or something, God is always better, you know. God is always the Greatest.
It's, He's always a step above anything here we have on earth.
So, anything that you idolize here on earth, God is always better than that, you know.
I mean, like I just said, we're all only dust particles and everything here on earth, it's just
nothing also. So, God has to be greater because He controls it all.
[59:24] He is the One GOD; the Creator, the Initiator, the Designer. ...
And it doesn't miss words here, it doesn't say that He was the constructor, you know, the Quran is very precise here.
All God had to say was "Be", and He initiated the creation.
His design, you know, He designed it, and all He had to say was "Be", and it was. And to God belongs the most beautiful names.
A lot of these names, a lot of Christians and Muslims both put to their idols, like,
I know for example, it's not here, but some people call Jesus, the healer. Now, you would say
"No, Jesus isn't the healer." And they'll "ah", you know. They'll go into convulsion or something, you know.
But you say "God isn't the Healer" and "okay, well, we accept that", you know.
They are insulted by this, like Gatut was saying today in, in Khutba, you know,
Donna: They, they aren't insulted when you lessen God, you know, but you lessen their idols, and "that's not to be."
Dr. Khalifa: He had touched that.
Donna: Yeah.
Donna: Then, it, it uses the same verse, the same phrase here
[59:24] ... Glorifying Him ...
in every...
[59:24] ... Glorifying Him is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is Almighty, the Wise.
It is the same phrase here, here at the beginning of the Sura.
And I know I always think "well, the disbelievers, do they glorify God?" you know.
And I got to thinking about that this week, and, you know, they glorify God
in making this come true,
because their actions and everything show the believers that this is the truth, you know. You,
you sit here and you read about hypocrites and their allies, the disbelievers and so forth, and they say,
you know, "that's, that's those people." And,
and so, they, they, they show the glory of God by showing that His words are true here, you know, in the Quran.
Donna: Are there any more comments?
Dr. Khalifa: I meant to tell you to take two Suras, but I forgot.
Donna: Yeah, you did, but there's not much time to go. Dr. Khalifa: Of course,
Dr. Khalifa: I'm gonna stop here. It's Ok. God bless you. Very good job.
Dr. Khalifa: Abdullah. Go ahead.
Abudullah: Is this (unintelligible) and
Did you take the, all the, all the Suras up to this point, all the Suras in the rest of the Quran?
If you take this side, to the left side, you add them all the verse numbers and chapter numbers,
they are divisible, and if you take the rest of the Quran, we add the chapter, chapter numbers and verse numbers, they're divisible.
Abdullah: It's even mathematically designed, even more (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is why the mountains will crumble.
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad.
Dr. Khalifa: Let him in.
Abdullah: If you take all the verse numbers, with the chapter numbers, you add them up,
I can't remember the numbers now I discovered it's divisible up,
you know, if you come to, all the way from the beginning of Quran to the verse 21.
Abdullah: Then, if you take the next following 61 and all the rest of the Quran, you do the same thing, it's divisible.
A man: Add them all?
Abdullah: Add them all with the chapter numbers.
Dr. Khalifa: I just want you to reflect with me on the, the Designer, something we take for granted.
See, Naghmeh is scratching her ear, and when she did this, in the process, you just look at the design of the arm.
You can take your arm like this to your ear, but, and then you go like this.
How did God design this?
It's a very important thing, you know. She did this without even thinking, you know. But it's, it's quite a design.
Now, more complicated are your teeth. How are your teeth fitting together? The upper and the lower, how are they fitting together?
Dr. Khalifa: Perfectly.
Hamid: Not mine.
Dr. Khalifa: First, first you have...
You did something wrong, Hamid.
There are cutters, there are cutters in the front.
We have these cutters in the front. And, and the eyeteeth, these are very important also, so you can pull on the steak if it is tough.
And then, back there are the molars that grind, you know. They're flat,
and they fit in each other perfectly. Every hole or, or cavity has something in the other side, unless you took too much sugar.
But the two jaws are fitting together perfectly, except Hamid. So,...
You know, we take our fingers, who designed the nails? What are these nails for?
Very simple things, and they keep growing and you keep cutting them, and they keep growing. God's design, the Designer.
Why two eyes, two kidneys?
One mouth and two ears, which means "shut up and listen."
(unintelligible) for me.
God is teaching us to listen a lot, not to talk too much, because we get in trouble.
(unintelligible)
One mouth and two ears, there's a message there. This is the design.
Okay, well, we thank Donna for her good job and, next time will be three Suras.
And today, tomorrow starts the spring, today started the spring break at the university.
Dr. Khalifa: And I know that my daughter will miss homework, so she's gonna be our teacher next week.
A woman: Alright.
Dr. Khalifa: Better do homework.
Suras 60, 61, and 62.
So, she'll be our teacher next Friday.
3 Suras, because we have, we don't wanna take just one Sura every time, or it will take forever.
Dr. Khalifa: And, Robert? Go ahead.
Robert: This just goes back to the verse on when we were talking about the hypocrites,
and it says in the Quran that they are the ones who disbelieve and believe, disbelieve and believe, and then
Robert: fall deeper to disbelief, or, and they are the ones who...
Dr. Khalifa: No, these...
Robert: They're with one side, and they're with the other, and they go with one side and with the other.
They're, they're people that never make up their minds. They want, they want this but they want that.
And in, in terms of us, when we make our covenant, like this, or the hypocrite never knows they are hypocrite.
The disbeliever never knows they're disbeliever.
Okay, so everybody, when it came right down to it, nobody thinks they're going the, nobody thinks they're going to Hell.
So, when you look at this, like, like you said "Ayatollah Khomeini thinks... or he's a hypocrite."
But yet, because he thinks he's a believer, but then, again, the Christians... That's bad to say that, but
Robert: Certain Christians, or some Christians...
Dr. Khalifa: Actually, it's common to all human being. Robert: Absolutely.
Dr. Khalifa: It's common to all... Robert: I don't wanna generalize,
Robert: because you get in trouble if you do something like that. But saying certain people... Okay, if somebody idolizes Jesus,
that's, that's what we say, then that person
may well think they are believer, is, is an idolater.
Robert: Okay, even that's where that makes them disbeliever. Would that also make them a hypocrite? Well, no.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, yes, yes, he's a hypocrite because he thinks he's a believer and he thinks he's going to Heaven.
Robert: But everybody thinks they're going, nobody thinks they're going to Hell.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, the disbeliever just doesn't even think, he thinks Hell doesn't exist, you see.
Dr. Khalifa: But the hypocrite says he believes in God, and he knows there's Heaven and there's Hell. And he knows he's going to Heaven.
Robert: Well, then in that case, the only people that would be disbeliever (unintelligible) atheists.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, exactly.
Robert: So then, all people are hypocrites?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. The vast majority are. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why in Sura 12, God says,
[12:103] Most people, no matter what you do, will not believe.
And then, most of those who believe will fall in idol worship.
So, the vast majority are hypocrites.
Dr. Khalifa: Farhad.
Farhad: My question does not relate to
Dr. Khalifa: It's okay.
Farhad: what were discussed.
Farhad: In, in Sura 53, on the footnote,
the (unintelligible) says (unintelligible) Muhammad.
The Quran (unintelligible) to Muhammad in his chest.
Farhad: And it says that Muhammad, not sure, was unconscious, when he was telling (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. No, that's, that's wrong.
Farhad: This is...
Dr. Khalifa: This is what is written in the history books. But it is not true. I don't believe it.
Farhad: Ok.
Farhad: So, then it is some other place.
Farhad: Well,...
Dr. Khalifa: Muhammad was, was very much conscious, and he wrote the Quran with his own hand.
These are things that we didn't know at the time of making this translation.
Farhad: Now then, you made (unintelligible) in, in one of the (unintelligible) from the new Quran.
Those verses that just got deleted.
Farhad: What was the reason for, for gathering Ayas, and having every Aya to be verified?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, that didn't happen either. This is what they said. This is what they wrote in their books.
According to them, they collected the Quran, and they had every verse witnessed by at least two witnesses,
except the last two verses in Sura 9. They found it only with a late Muslim, Medinan Muslim.
And then, the Hadith supported him by saying that his testimony equals two. And this is all nonsense, of course. But this is the idea.
You're quoting that nonsense. But the Quran was written by the prophet,
with his own hand, and the instructions were on the side as to where every piece goes.
And the committee that was putting the Quran together during Uthman's time were using that. They didn't need any witnesses.
Dr. Khalifa: But I'm narrating what they wrote in Bukhari and the Sunnah books and all that, because it's a bunch of nonsense.
Farhad: Then, was that being used as an evidence that the two verses were doubtful then...
Dr. Khalifa: Right, because, you know, the thief feels something and exposes himself.
Farhad: You are saying that was nonsense, then how could that be used as an evidence?
Dr. Khalifa: Because it indicates that they were suspicious of their own crime. They, they knew
their crime. You know, there is a famous story in the Middle East.
I don't know if it, if it is also known in Iran or not, but this king or something, one of his precious birds was stolen.
So, he, he got all his servants and he lined them up in a line.
And he said "I want the person who stole my precious bird to come forward and confess, and I will forgive that person. I'll forgive him."
Nobody came forward. So, he kept saying
"I know who the person is, but if he comes forward, I'll forgive him. I want him to confess on his own and bring my precious bird back."
Nobody came forward. Then, he said "you see, I know because that person has a feather on his head." So, one of them went like this.
So, the, the guilty, so the guilty person always exposes himself in this manner.
And they, they made up these stories reflecting, reflecting their suspicions of the two verses.
So, I reported them as, as it is written in Bukhari.
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe, I should point out that the fact is...
Farhad: Yeah, it doesn't say that.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay. Good point.
Any other questions?
Okay, we're gonna wish Matt a happy birthday. His birthday was Wednesday.
We're gonna pray to God to give him the happiest year of his life coming up, and every year after that to be even, even better.
And as you recite, turn to God and ask Him to fulfill your dearest wishes.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Congratulations. You just deposited 10 billion dollars in your PRA account, no kidding.
You're all worth it.