Dr. Khalifa: It's the rich guy, everything 57, look at the discount.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Theme of the book, it's amazing how growing up in so-called Muslim countries, they, they breed fanaticism into you,
and I'm gonna use Edip again as an example. Edip is a very enlightened Muslim, very very...
He was definitely guided by Allah Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala, and only two weeks ago, only two weeks ago, he came to me and made a confession.
He said "I used to think until this morning that no Jew or Christian can make it to Heaven." This is how we were, we were taught.
"But now, Alhamdu Lillah, I believe, I am now convinced of this verse in the Quran, that
"there are righteous Christians and righteous Jews and righteous Muslims who are dedicated to God alone."
Of course, there are other verses in the Quran also that confirm this, like 3:113, I think, that says
"among Jews and Christians there are those who are righteous and will make it to Heaven."
Okay, that's the theme of the book, and it is very important.
We're gonna skip the copyright page, and the other title page.
I want to read the acknowledgment, the grateful acknowledgment is made to Lisa Spray for her tireless work
in editing and helping in this, the production of this momentous and historical project.
And she worked days and nights on this, as you know, and we congratulate her for all the credit she accumulated.
Significant editorial assistance was also provided by Edip Yuksel, Lydia Kelly,
Gatut Adisoma, Susan Erisen, and Emily Sterling, for which I am thankful.
Of course, God is the One who rewards all these people, and in, in many different senses,
every one of you contributed to this book.
So, God knows that, and He will reward you accordingly, even though you remain anonymous.
The next page says "Proclaiming One Religion for All the People"
Now, speaking strictly from an outsider point of view, as a one who's looking from the outside,
this is one of the most, in fact, it is the main function of the messenger of the covenant, is to unify,
consolidate all the religions in the world into one.
And this is not a bright idea of a human being or a collection of human beings, as I wrote before.
This is God's plan, and therefore, God will do it.
It's not, no human beings, no armies in the whole world can do it. God will do it.
And God will prepare the hearts of the new generations, of the Christians, the Jews, the Hindus, the Buddhists,
and so on, to accept one religion, that will be God's religion.
And this is why the theme, the theme of the book is, is a, is a unifying theme.
So, "Proclaiming One Religion for All the People"
It may not even take two generations.
And then, you will see this Final Testament printed with the Old Testament and the New Testament in one book,
and you'll see people unifying into one major religion, which is God's religion.
By the end of the world, even though this started out to be Satan's kingdom, it's no, God will
God has always been winner, but as far as this tiny planet Earth is concerned, God's religion will be the winner before the end of the world.
So, this is the main function, and it is a very important function, and like I said, I'm just talking, like, as one looking from the outside.
"Proclaiming One Religion for All the People"
The Final Testament, this Final Testament consolidates all the messages delivered by all of God's messengers into one global message.
Henceforth, there is only one religion that is approved by God.
Islam is not a name, it is a description, total submission to God,
worshipping God and devoting the worship absolutely to Him alone.
And you can see here the word "submission" emerging to replace, not replace, actually it's the correction of the word, the Arabic word.
If we speak in Arabic, we will still say Islam, and we will still say Muslim in Arabic, and this is the way the Quran uses it.
But if you speak Japanese, you have to translate the word Islam to the Japanese word for submission,
and you cannot use the word Muslim when you speak in Japanese.
You cannot speak Japanese and all of a sudden you utter Arabic.
You have to speak Japanese and translate the word Muslim into the Japanese equivalent for submitter.
So, this is the one religion.
Total submission to God, worshipping God and devoting the worship absolutely to Him alone.
Anyone who meets this criterion is a submitter.
The new, the new translation is the old translation now.
The new translation (unintelligible) submitter.
Anyone who meets this criterion is a submitter.
Thus, you may be a Muslim Jew, a Muslim Christian, a Muslim Buddhist, a Muslim Hindu, or a Muslim Muslim.
And today, we were recalling, today we were recalling the incident in Washington D.C., and that was on the 19th of July, by the way.
It was the day I spoke to the World Future Society, and Ihsan was sitting at the table with the
we had a Jew, a Protestant, and we needed a Catholic.
And there was one empty chair with big round table.
And this man came by and he said "hi, can I join you?"
He turned to be the Catholic we needed.
And he said "I submit to the one God."
"I'm a submitter."
And the Jew said she's a submitter. And the Protestant said she was a submitter.
And they said "we cannot bring ourselves to say 'I'm a Muslim.'"
But they really meant it. "We submit to the one God."
Because the Catholic started out by talking about Jesus and this and that.
And he said "Jesus is God" or something like this.
And I said "where is it in the Bible? Can you show me in the Bible where it says 'Jesus is God?'"
You know, the Christians have certain verses that are their favorites.
Like "I'm the way, I'm the life, I'm the truth."
You know, "in the beginning there was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God", and all these things.
I said "okay, well, Jesus may be the way and the life and the truth, but why doesn't he say 'I'm God?'"
"I'm the way, I'm the life, I'm the truth." He didn't say "I'm God."
He may be the way, the life, the truth. He may be all of this. "But show me where he says 'I am God.'"
And I'll show you ten places where he says "I'm not God."
Straightforward.
Anyway, before the end of the discussion, he did say "I submit to the one God alone."
So, we had examples of people saying... we had mostly Muslims at the table.
(unintelligible) was there (unintelligible) and her son also.
Okay, the verse 19 of Sura 3 says,
[3:19] The only religion acceptable by GOD is "Submission." ...
And 85 of Sura 3 says,
[3:85] Anyone who accepts other than Submission as his religion, it will not be accepted from him. He will end up a loser in the Hereafter.
So, as you see, we are already advanced even beyond this new translation.
See, I'm reading to you, I'm changing the word, the Arabic word, to the English word, submission.
And this is, we should be thankful to God for this, that we're advancing so fast.
All religions of the world, Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, etc. have been corrupted through idolization of their prophets and saints.
This is just a statement of fact.
What's happening now?
Now, being advanced, just one second, being advanced, before I forget this thought,
I want you to know that maybe, maybe only about 50 years from now,
they will show your picture or my picture holding a book like this and looking at it, and they'll be laughing at.
Say " Look, 50 years ago, they used to have things called books made of paper with ink printed on them and bulky things."
Because 50 years from now, probably they'll be using something like a small TV.
You push a button and the page is small in front of you. Or something like that.
Because the books are kind of primitive. Everything will be advancing.
So, it is good that we are going at this pace to the point that we were ahead of the book that just came out of the press.
Dr. Khalifa: Edip, what did you wanna say?
Edip: (unintelligible) is saying (unintelligible) is not a name (unintelligible) but they use
Dr. Khalifa: use the word Islam. Yes. (unintelligible)
That's why when I read it, I didn't need it. So,...
But, as, as I said, this is a transition towards the new translation.
So, if you want to reserve your copy of the new translation, leave your name with Ihsan.
I'm already working on it.
Okay, now you flip the page and you see some biblical verses that are predicting the coming of the Prophet Muhammad and the Quran.
From Deuteronomy 18:15, "A prophet like me will the Lord your God raise up for you from among your kinsmen. To him you shall listen."
That was Moses.
The next verse is from, also 18 Deuteronomy. It says,
God is telling Moses "I will raise up for them a prophet like you from among their kinsmen and will put My words into his mouth.
"He shall tell them all that I command him. If any man will not listen to My words which he speaks in My name, I Myself will make him answer for it."
So, as you see, God is, is...
I mean, even here in Deuteronomy, the accuracy, you can see the accuracy of the language.
We are not following Muhammad, we are not following Rashad Khalifa, we are not following any human being.
And don't let, don't let anybody tell you that.
I don't follow Rashad Khalifa and you don't follow Rashad Khalifa.
We follow the words of God. We follow God.
When people make those statements, they're making them out of their idolatry.
Because they idolize Ali and Muhammad and Hussain and Jesus and Mary and so on. They idolize human beings.
We follow the word of God.
And if Rashad Khalifa says anything on his own, we don't listen to him.
We can listen and use our own discretion.
But we follow, we do not follow what Rashad is saying, we follow what God is saying, you and I.
So, you can see here that God is saying "if any man will not listen to My words", the words of God,
"which he speaks in My name", the name of God, "I Myself will make him answer for it."
So, the idea of messengers is that it's not the messengers at all.
If the messengers we know never existed, God will find other people to deliver the message.
It is the message that is important, it is the words of God that we follow,
and you can see the accuracy of the words even in the translated older scriptures.
The next statement from John 14:16-17, Jesus says "I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Paraclete — to be with you always: The Spirit of Truth."
Because the Quran, the last message from God, remember the message, not the messenger,
the message came and it will be with us until the end of the world, this, the Quran.
And the prophet Muhammad was, of course, the one who received it and delivered it.
So, this verse speaks about the prophet Muhammad in my opinion.
In 16:13, Jesus says "When The Spirit of Truth comes to you, he will guide you to all truth,..."
As we will see, we're gonna read the introduction together, and you will see that the picture is, is being perfected.
You meet people now, in, in our generation, and they have no idea why we came to this world,
what it is all about, where we're going, where we came from, they don't know.
And you can feel the privilege that God has given you.
Because we have the complete picture, we have the whole truth, and we have it supported by physical evidence.
"When THE SPIRIT OF TRUTH comes to you, he will guide you to all truth, and will announce to you the things to come."
We have all the information here, even the end of the world, and when it will be, when it will take place,
and what are the signs that remain to be there.
In Malachi 3, we see the, which is the last book of the Old Testament, we see a prophecy about the messenger of the covenant.
It says "Lo, I am sending My messenger", so obviously this is God speaking.
"Lo, I am sending My messenger to prepare the way before Me; and suddenly there will come to the temple the Lord whom you seek, and the messenger of the covenant whom you desire.
"Yes, he is coming, says the Lord of hosts." which is Rabbil ‘Alameen in Arabic
"But who will endure the day of his coming? And who can stand when he appears? For he is like the refiner’s fire... he will sit purifying...."
It's Malachi 3:1-3.
It amazes me, wherever I go, as to the pain that the opponents suffer from proclaiming the word of God alone.
Otis, where is Otis?
Caroline, I don't know if you know this or not, but Caroline was telling us when we were in her house the other day that
she went in a store and she saw a lady dressed in a Middle Eastern way, and she said "Al-Salãmu ‘Alaykum."
The lady ran to the back of the store and brought her husband,
and he came and he said, I guess Caroline was not dressed traditional Middle Eastern way,
and "why... this, this woman has no business telling me 'Al-Salãmu ‘Alaykum', she's not even covering her hair."
So, the husband came and asked Caroline, "where, when did you become a Muslim? Where do you come from?"
And she said "I come from Tucson."
And I think he said something about "crazy Rashad Khalifa"
and she said "yes, I know him", and then he said "don't mention his name in this neighborhood."
Are you familiar with this story, Otis?
Oh, OK.
Well, Caroline will tell us when she comes, she's coming next week, IN SHAA ALLAH.
But this is what she said. Who was with me when she said that?
(unintelligible)
I don't know if I told this story like she said or not, but the summary of it is, OK, this guy saying "don't mention his name in this neighborhood."
And he said it in a hostile way, right?
It's some kind of a threat.
And this, it puzzles me, but when I look at these verses from Malachi that say, yet...
"But who will endure the day of his coming?"
Now, God describes the message as a heavy message.
In other words, you have to be strong to receive it.
And it probably has to do with our, our initial inclination not to accept God's absolute authority.
Remember why we are here, the crime we committed?
Now, would you shut the door?
(unintelligible) All the doors.
We have to build a soundproof room or something. Ok.
Just, to me, there is no explanation to this hostility.
And of course, we have been experiencing this here with the, with the idol worshippers.
However, let's see, it's a statement in the Quran, though, we should not be surprised.
There's a verse here that I want you to look at.
Was somebody assigned to give this Quranic study?
It's too late.
I wanna assign, Linda Baroni is gonna give the Quranic study next, next time, two weeks from tonight.
So, I don't wanna forget that.
Ahmad will be another time. Linda Baroni will be...
Ok, look at Sura 42, verse 13. 42:13
42:13 explains why they are so hostile and why they cannot stand the message of being devoted to God alone.
Ok. The subtitle is "Only One Religion" that fits with the theme that we're talking about.
[42:13] He decreed for you the same religion He decreed for Noah, and what we inspired to you, ...
The kids are still in the kitchen. What did we do?
No, send them to the children room with the babysitter. Close all the doors.
Thank you.
[42:13] He decreed for you the same religion He decreed for Noah, and what we inspired to you, and what we decreed for Abraham, Moses, and Jesus: "You shall uphold this one religion, and do not divide it."
Then, I inserted the subtitle in the middle of the verse. It says "Monotheists" that's us, "vs Idol Worshipers."
[42:13] ... The idol worshipers will resent what you invite them to do. GOD redeems to Himself whomever He wills; He guides to Himself everyone who submits.
So, they resent it.
This is why they cannot stand this message of, of worshipping God alone and being devoted to God alone.
That person who told Caroline "don't mention his name in this neighborhood" never saw me, never, never heard me.
And there is no reason whatsoever for him to be hostile. He is not even from the Middle East.
He is a person who was born here. It has nothing to do with Sunni or whatever. Yet, the name provokes hostility.
But this is what God said in Malachi. In the Quran also like we read now.
Ok. Now, we go to the big criterion, the next page. It says,
[39:45] When GOD ALONE is mentioned, the hearts of those who do not believe in the Hereafter shrink with aversion. But when others are mentioned besides Him, they rejoice.*
Sura 39 verse 45.
This is our criterion to distinguish the people and even ourselves and to show that we believe in the Hereafter.
If I am averse to the idea of God alone, this tells me that I don't believe in the Hereafter even, even if I say with my lips that I believe in the Hereafter.
And this criterion is so powerful that the most famous translator of the Quran, Abdullah Yusuf Ali, did not bring
could not bring himself to translate it honestly.
He did not say "when God alone is mentioned." He said "when God the One and Only is mentioned."
The "One and Only" does not mean "Alone" at all.
The "One and Only" is the same as the Great, or the Forgiver, or the Merciful.
"When God the Merciful is mentioned, the hearts of those..."
"When God the Great is mentioned, the hearts of those..."
"When God the Generous, the Most Gracious is mentioned, the hearts of those..."
So, but, [39:45] When GOD ALONE is mentioned, the hearts of those ...
Because "when God the Most Merciful is mentioned", even the idol worshippers don't mind it.
But [39:45] When GOD ALONE is mentioned, ...
they become disturbed.
The next page are the contents, and we have the Sura number, the name of the Sura, in English and in Arabic.
And then, the number of verses. For those who will do research, there is a lot of mathematical structure, pure mathematical structure.
That is, as you will read in the appendices, based on the number of verses and the numbers of Suras.
It has nothing to do with the literary composition.
And then, there is a glossary for people who are not familiar with Midyan or Hijrah calendar, things like that.
And then, you can continue to flip the pages until you see "On the 27th night of Ramadan..."
We had this in the other translation, but there is, there is more, more knowledge. We,
we learned a few things since 9 years ago, when the first translation was written.
And you will see it reflected almost in every page here.
This page says "On the 27th night of Ramadan, 13 B.H. (Before Hijra) (610A.D.), the prophet Muhammad was summoned to the highest possible point,
"millions of light years from the planet Earth, and this Quran was placed into his heart."
We have the verses.
"Subsequently, the Quran was released into Muhammad’s memory, with Gabriel’s mediation, over a period of 23 years, from 610 to 632 A.D."
And we have the verse.
"At the moment of release, Muhammad scrupulously wrote it down with his own hand. It has been divinely guarded since then (See Appendices 1 and 28).
So, you can see the changes.
They are big changes, but they are subtle.
Now, even in the first translation, there was no mistake, because what I wrote in the first translation was
"at the moment of release, it was scrupulously written down, and divinely guarded since then."
So, that was good luck.
Even though I was trapped in what they taught us then, that Muhammad was an illiterate man who couldn't read or write.
And now, we know better.
We have evidence now that he wrote it with his own hand, and the copy that he wrote
in the chronological sequence of writing was destroyed by the people who, who added two false statements at the end of Sura 9.
It was they won the war, they think.
Now, we read the introduction, I wanna read it first with you.
"This is God’s final message to humanity.
"All of God’s prophets have come to this world, and all the scriptures have been delivered.
"The time has come to purify and consolidate all the messages delivered by God’s prophets into one message, and proclaim that henceforth, only one religion is acceptable to God, “Submission”.
"Islam is not the name of a religion, it is a description. Islam is the total submission and devotion to God alone.
"Thus there are many Muslim Christians, Muslim Jews and Muslim Muslims", I have met some of them.
"There is only one religion, devoting one's worship to God alone.
"This is the first commandment in the Old Testament, the New Testament and this final testament.
"Now, that the message is complete, we have received such crucial information as the purpose of our life,
"how we came into this world and where we are going.
"One may ask why did God wait all this time to perfect and consolidate his message?
"What about all those people since Adam who did not receive the complete scripture?
"To put these questions in the right perspective, let us look at the world population from Adam to the end of the world.
"It is a matter of simple statistics that the world's population from the beginning until now did not exceed 6 billion.
"From now to the end of the world, reported here as 2280 AD (see Appendix 25),
"it is estimated that the world population will exceed 75 billion.
"In other words, the vast majority of people are yet to come to this world.
"God's purified and consolidated message therefore is destined to reach the vast majority of humans."
Just think, in about 20 years, in 20 years from now, there will be twice the population of earth, of people on earth.
Now, these are twice the population of the present population who never heard about Jesus being son of God or God or Trinity.
They are coming into this world for a fresh start.
They never heard all this nonsense of corrupted religions, Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.
But they will get the one unified message, IN SHAA ALLAH.
You see here the graph showing world population from now, 1989, to the end of the world, 2280.
And the black box represents the world population since Adam until now.
So, this is a question that you've already been asked, and you will be asked "what about all those people?"
"Were they wrong? What happens to them?"
The same question was asked of Moses, remember?
Pharaoh said "what about all those people in the past? Why are you coming to tell us about God this and that?"
And Moses said the right answer.
Dr. Khalifa: "Their matter is with God in a record."
Yeah, that's their business.
"It all began a few billion years ago when one of God's high-ranking creatures, Satan,
"developed supercilious thoughts that he could be a god besides God.
"This challenge to God's absolute authority was not only blasphemous, it was totally erroneous.
"Satan was ignorant of the fact that God alone possesses the power and qualifications to a god,
"and that there is much more to godhood than he could have ever imagined.
"It was ignorance coupled with pride that led Satan to believe that he could take care of a dominion
"as a god and run it efficiently without disease, misery, war, accidents, and chaos.
"While Satan was the initiator of this horrendous blasphemy, billions of creatures agreed with Satan.
"They decided that Satan's God-given powers did qualify him to be a god in his own right.
"Thus, a profound dispute erupted within the Heavenly society, as we see in Sura 38, verse 69."
"The rebel's unjustifiable challenge to God's absolute authority was met and resolved in the most efficient manner."
"If you claim that you can fly a plane, the best way to test your claim is to give you a plane and ask you to fly it."
"This is precisely what God decided to do in response to Satan's claim that he could be a god.
"As for those who agreed with Satan, they were given a chance to reconsider their decisions
"and accept God's absolute authority or go through a test where they witness Satan's attempt to prove his abilities as a god.
"About 100 billion creatures chose to participate in Satan's demonstration (33:72)".
Now, please excuse me and bear with me for reading like this.
It's rather boring when you read from a book, but this is very important, and I think you agree with me.
It is very important to understand the introduction and the reason for us being here.
"The Heavenly dispute led to the classification of God's creatures into three different categories.
"Number one, angels, creatures who never questioned God's absolute authority.
"They knew that God alone possessed the power to be a god.
"Number two, jinns, the creatures who decided that Satan was capable of being a god.
"Number three, you and I, creatures who remain neutral.
"They questioned God's absolute authority.
"These creatures believed that Satan might possess sufficient power to run a dominion."
You and I said "hmm, that's an interesting choice. Let us, you know, have a demonstration. Maybe, he can do it."
But by doing so, we questioned God's absolute authority. We did not make a firm stand.
And if, if Rachel lets me continue, Rachel is the noisy kid right now.
It is the parent's responsibility that would keep the kids quiet, so "I'm gonna be banished. Keep her quiet."
Did I welcome Feroz and Batul Karmally and Gail Cunningham and Movel, Kate to our meeting tonight? I'm sorry.
But you'll meet them and love them until the conference is over.
Now, this is 1, 2, the third paragraph of page XIV.
"It is, it is only logical that members of God's kingdom must uphold God's absolute authority.
"The angels, therefore, expected Satan and those who agreed with him to be banished from God's kingdom. Exiled from God means Hell."
"When God informed the angels that He was placing Satan as a god on earth and granting the creatures who agreed with him
"another chance to be redeemed, the angels wondered 'would you place on earth those who would commit evil therein and shed blood?' Sura 2, verse 30.
"God, the Most Gracious, Most Merciful, willed that we get another chance to denounce our blasphemy
"and redeem ourselves by deciding that God alone possesses all power."
This is why we see that great criterion at the beginning of this book.
"To carry out the projected test, God created death. Sura 67, verses 1 and 2.
"The divine plan called for putting the rebellious creatures to death then bringing them into another life,
"this worldly dimension, where they have no recollection of the Heavenly Feud.
"Under the circumstances of this life, the humans and the jinns are given absolute freedom to reconsider
"their blasphemous ideas after studying God's messages and Satan's messages.
"Based on their free will decision, they are either redeemed into God's kingdom or remain exiled with Satan."
As you see, the introduction is important, but if you are like me, I don't need the introduction...
Dr. Khalifa: God...
Dr. Khalifa: They were. Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
For (unintelligible)
Because you and I (unintelligible) you and I (unintelligible) blasphemed and did not make a firm stand (unintelligible)
Just Adam and Eve happened to be just two human beings, we were assigned to their bodies, and God kept them in Heaven until (unintelligible)
God told them (unintelligible) because you're gonna wrong your souls if you do. Satan said "if you eat from this tree, you're gonna be here forever."
And they, they listened to Satan's message. The minute they did this, they (unintelligible)
But for as long as they maintained God's, God's instructions, they're in God's kingdom.
The planet earth is an exiled, half-way house spaceship. It's carrying us, it's exiled, we've been launched into space.
But up there is God's kingdom. Adam and Eve were in God's kingdom because they didn't do anything wrong in this new, this new life.
They continued to receive God's message and Satan's message.
The moment they listened to Satan's message, they belonged in Satan's kingdom, down here.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay? Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Just like you and I, yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You mean the other, the other, the other human beings?
A man: Yes. Well,...
Dr. Khalifa: See, as, as the human beings were created, when a baby is born right now at this moment,
and their soul that is waiting its turn is being assigned to this baby right now.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right. Yes.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Will any one of them stay there? A man: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: No. Every single one of them will have to come here and go through the test. Every single one.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They did stay there. You don't know how many millions of years Adam and Eve stayed there.
They did stay there for as long as they followed God's law, which is abstention from that forbidden tree. Forbidden tree is a symbolic, allegorical idea.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: All the human beings, they already committed that crime, came down here.
Dr. Khalifa: But Adam and Eve were the first human beings, and I guess in that sense they represented all of us.
Edip: Rashad Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
Edip: I think I understand also they represent all human beings and Adam (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's 46. Yes. Edip: 46.
Dr. Khalifa: The same number of genes, chromosomes. Edip: (unintelligible)
Edip: In chapter 7, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (7:172) مِن ظُهُورِهِمْ ذُرِّيَّتَهُمْ
Edip: Yes. (7:172) مِن ظُهُورِهِمْ ذُرِّيَّتَهُمْ
Dr. Khalifa: All the descendants of... Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: That will not... The idea is correct. Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Adam and Eve probably represented all of us, and when they ate from the tree, they represented our tendencies.
In other words, every other human being, if left in Heaven long enough,
he or she would end up listening to Satan's message and could go down.
So, save all this time and send them all down to earth. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Let them take the test and redeem themselves if they are going to be.
Edip: Rashad Dr. Khalifa: Dana had a point first.
Edip: Because the...
Dana: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe. Why was he the first one, you know? That's a possibility.
Dana: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes. Remember Adam was a prophet also.
Adam was, was, Adam was redeemed and repented and he was the first prophet.
Dr. Khalifa: He had to be because he had to give the message to his children and grandchildren, great-grandchildren, great-great-grandchildren. They lived a long time in those days.
Feroz: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: Abraham's scripture was all practical, was the Prayers, the fasting, the Hajj, the Zakat.
There was no writing or reading at the time of Abraham.
Dr. Khalifa: Unless you wanna carry two tons of rocks.
Feroz: Same thing (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: You see, we're laughing.
50 years, they'll be laughing at us for reading books like this.
And we can be laughing at the time of Abraham. You have to carry tons of rocks to read.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Go ahead.
Feroz: So, Adam also taught scripture (unintelligible) practice.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
He had a scripture and the scripture was to tell his children about God and what it is all about.
"You must worship God alone and not listen to Satan. I've been bitten. Don't listen to Satan. I made a mistake."
That was his message.
Dr. Khalifa: Movel
Movel: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Movel: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Movel: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yep.
Movel: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Very good.
Movel: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: That's for ignorance. Not arrogance. It's more ignorance.
Dr. Khalifa: The original sin, Movel, is not what most people think which is eating from the tree.
This is what most people think. The original sin was billions of years before eating from the tree.
It was when we did not make a firm stand with God's absolute authority.
When Satan proclaimed that he can be a god in his own right, we said "that's an interesting idea. Let us see."
That was dumb.
The Jinns, the jinns were even more stupid. They said "yeah, you can do it."
The angels said "No way." They're the majority. The angels were the vast majority, by the way.
But the Jinns and the humans represent the criminal element in the Heavenly Society.
This is why we're in this prison, you know. The body is a prison.
So, the original sin, you know more than anybody in the whole world now that the original sin was billions of years before eating from the tree.
Let's, let's go back.
Dr. Khalifa: Right?
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, this is exactly what it says in 33:72.
It says "the human being was ignorant" and the most accurate word would be "stupid" in choosing.
Because that was another chance for us to be redeemed.
God said "do you want to submit to My absolute authority or do you want to have a freedom of choice between My message and Satan's message?"
Dumb.
Real dumb.
Okay, this is now paragraph three, page XV.
"Putting Satan, the Jinns, and the humans to the test stipulated that Satan shall reproduce whenever a human being is born.
"Every time a human being is born, a Jinn is born to be the new human's constant companion.
"The human person is subjected to the incessant persuasions of Satan's representative, who lives in the same body from birth to death.
"Satan's representative tries to convince the human companion of Satan's point of view, that God alone is not enough.
"On the Day of Judgment, the companion serves as a witness for or against the human."
So, we are all schizophrenic.
There's a...
There is another creature in your body.
That other creature is telling you "God alone is not enough."
And you are trying to convince that other creature, who is Satan's descendant, that God alone...
Dr. Khalifa: Abdullah.
Abdullah: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Abdullah: Would it be (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Abdullah: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, it's a very good point. Do you understand what Abdullah is saying?
Yes. Abdullah is saying that this means that exactly half were jinns and half were humans. And this is exactly what happened.
You can think of it as not a sharp line.
You can take the whole group that did not make a firm stand with God's absolute authority,
and the ones who were the strongest towards Satan, this half became Jinn.
The half that was less strong were, were the humans.
Dr. Khalifa: So, God did divide this in half. Edip: divide in half.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes, absolutely, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Well, of course, there's, there's the whole, there's a whole circumstance that go with assigning you to this...
Why are you at this mosque, listening to this?
God assigned you to this time in history, so you listen to this because you deserve this.
Because God knows in advance which souls are good, and which souls are bad.
We are not here for the benefit of God to know who's what. God already knows.
We're here for our own benefit to be redeemed. And God knows what was in our hearts and how strongly we were with or against Satan.
Dr. Khalifa: And on that basis, He assigns babies to your house or to somebody else's, your neighbor's house.
Feroz: The jinn is inside the human body. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Feroz: And while he is inside the human body, he's, he has a chance to either get converted or convert the human being.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Feroz: Now, at that time, the jinn doesn't have all the powers like
Feroz: Because once the human dies, the jinn has no powers to get converted. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Feroz: Does the jinn also still have the freedom of (unintelligible)? Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Yes.
Feroz: Because he has two chances. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: The jinns have a longer time. Remember, they were stronger on Satan's side.
Because God is just, He gives them more time, more chances to see the universe.
They fly in this universe and they see stars and things more than humans.
So, God is being very, very, very fair. God is the Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
We were considerably on God's side, I mean relatively.
And they were considerably on Satan's side. So, God... when they go to Hell, they will really deserve it.
And when the humans go to Hell, they really deserve it.
Dr. Khalifa: As you see, we witness many of them working very hard, jumping the fences to go to Hell.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Exactly.
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. "I selected you." Yes. Chosen. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Very good verse. That's why...
Dr. Khalifa: "... a chance to reconsider their decisions."
"Every person is born with instinctive knowledge that God alone and no one else is our Lord and Master (7:172-173)."
"Additionally, God sent messengers to deliver messages, warnings, and abundant information to help us redeem ourselves."
"With all these elements in view, we can appreciate the fact that the only unforgivable offense,
"if maintained until death, is idol worship, believing that anyone besides God possesses any power."
All those people who thanked St. Jude in the newspaper for the success of the operation,
even though St. Jude never went to medical school, you can see that they are idol worshippers.
I thought Mehri was asking a question.
Be careful when you scratch your nose, because you may have to ask a question.
Paragraph 5.
"The human being is given 40 years to study, look around, reflect, and examine all points of view
"before making this most important decision, to uphold Satan's point of view or uphold God's absolute authority."
"Anyone who dies before the age of 40 is chosen by God for redemption due to circumstances known only to God."
"If one decides at a young age that God alone possesses all power, then dies before the age of 40, the most probable destiny is the High Heaven."
"Otherwise, the Lower Heaven is the destiny for most people who die before 40 (Appendix 5)."
As you know, Martin Luther King was taken two months before his 40th birthday.
God knew, and his grave stone says "Thank God Almighty, free at last."
He didn't say "Thank Jesus", or anything like that.
Malcolm X, who discovered the true Islam, also was taken two months before his 40th birthday.
Huey Newton, who lived in crime, and drugs, alcohol, violence, died when he was 47.
Dr. Khalifa: Was it 47 or 49? 47.
So, you can see, I mean, we see in our lives all these examples of good people.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, go ahead.
A man: What is (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Solar. Solar.
You see, it is customary in the whole world when you, when you say you're 40 years old, you go by the solar system.
And this is universal in the whole world, which means this is what God, this is how God wants us to calculate our age.
God says in the verse, when he reaches or when she reaches 40 years of age, he or she must make that decision.
So, God left it like this, and we all say "I am this or that age" based on the solar year.
Dr. Khalifa: Well, thank God, because we'll be all older if we use the lunar, lunar year. Yes.
Edip: Quran gives priority to solar year, years. Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Edip: And God says 300 years, and they added 9 years. Dr. Khalifa: 9
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Edip: 309.
Dr. Khalifa: Also, God mentions the... the word "day" is mentioned in the Quran 365, days, times which is the solar, solar year.
Solar year is more constant.
The sun will, will rise. Today, sun rises when?
Abdullah, will you look up the sunrise on August 25? Sunrise is...
Dr. Khalifa: 25. Abdullah: 5:54.
Dr. Khalifa: 5:54, see? Not 5:55.
Dr. Khalifa: 5:54.
August 25, 100 years from now, the sun will rise at 5:54 in Tucson, Arizona.
So, but the moon is kind of crazy.
It has a very, a very accurate system, also. I mean, we can give you the moon rise 100 years from now at exactly the moment.
But it is, it has an irregular, irregular, accurate system.
You can accept that. So, the 40 years are solar years.
Remember, we had many signs about this age of 40, which is very difficult for many people to accept.
And thank God for Emily's vision
where we had a very accurate, we knew it was the solar, not the lunar year.
That was the biggest, one of the biggest signs that we had.
The next paragraph.
"God's messengers delivered God's good news to our new, of our new chance to redeem ourselves, as well as warnings to every corner of the globe."
"They were supported by formidable signs."
"When Moses went to Pharaoh, he was supported by such miracles as the turning of his staff into a serpent."
"Jesus created live birds from clay by God's leave, healed the leprous and the blind by God's leave, and revived the dead by God's leave."
"The prophet Muhammad, God's messenger, who delivered this final testament, did not exhibit such miracles."
"We learn from the Quran that the Quran itself suffices as a miracle supporting Muhammad's mission."
We have the verses here.
"It was divine wisdom that separated the miracle of the Quran from Muhammad by 14 centuries."
"Now, that we understand the momentous dimensions of the Quran's mathematical miracle (Appendix 1),
"we realize that millions of people would have worshipped Muhammad as God incarnate
"if this miracle had also been revealed through him."
Next page.
"With the advent of the computer age, 14 centuries after the revelation of the Quran,
"we discover that the Quran's mathematical code is indeed 'one of the greatest miracles.'
"While the miracles given to the previous messengers were limited in time and place, the Quran's miracle is perpetual..."
on Reed Street. No, that was perpetual savings.
"Only a few people witnessed the miracles of Moses and Jesus, but the Quran's miracle can be witnessed by anyone at any time.
"Furthermore, the Quran's miracle documents and proves all the previous miracles."
Now, when you read in the miracles that Jesus revived the dead by God's leave, you know this is proven by physical evidence.
Those letters of that statement are mathematically composed beyond the human ability.
We know God is saying that, and this proves the miracles of Jesus and Moses, all the other miracles.
Next paragraph.
"To share this awesome miracle with the reader, the word "God" is printed throughout the English text in bold capital letters,
"and the number of occurrences is shown at the bottom of every page.
"Thus, the total occurrence of this most important word is shown at the end of the Quran to be 2698.
"This total is a multiple of 19, the miracle's common denominator.
"Furthermore, when we add the numbers assigned to the verses, wherever the word God occurs,
"the total comes to 118123, which is also a multiple of 19."
Which brings me back to the point that this book is being rewritten now.
Let us open at random, I'm gonna open this at random here, come to page 401.
Let's look at page 401.
And we'll tell you something about the, the new translation. You can reserve your copy now.
Page 401 at the bottom, we see on the left side the number 6.
And you see in bold letters the word "God" in bold capital letters 6 times.
On the right side is the total after this page, 1891.
Now, in the new translation, we're gonna write also the numbers of verses where the word, the word "God" appears.
We're gonna write their number 40, 41, 42, 44, and 45.
We're gonna add them up and put them at the bottom of the page.
So every page will have the, the occurrence of the word "God" and also the total of the verses.
And this will add up to the end of the Quran.
It's gonna be 118123, which is also a multiple of 19.
Because this alone proves that this book is from God. It's not a human being that he wrote it or made it up.
Nobody's trying to fool us.
But even now, this word "God" by itself proves that (unintelligible).
We happen to be a very, very lucky generation.
You know, I shudder to think that we were born 20 years before now.
We would have been swept in the crowd.
We didn't know much.
The second paragraph, page XVI.
Oh, the third paragraph.
"This simple physical fact is easily verifiable by the reader and shows the existence of a superhuman system within the Quran.
"It was far beyond Muhammad the human or any collection of humans at the time of revelation of the Quran
to keep track of the word "God" and the numbers of verses where it occurs."
"Another quick illustration of the Quran's mathematical composition involves the word "Quran."
"We find that the "Quran" is mentioned 58 times in the Quran.
"However, verse 10:15 refers to a Quran other than this, and therefore cannot be counted.
"Thus, "this Quran" is mentioned in the Quran 57 times, 19 x 3.
"The Suras where the word "Quran" in all its grammatical forms is mentioned are 38 (19 x 2).
"The sum of numbers assigned to the Suras and verses where the word "Quran"
"in all its grammatical forms occurs is 4408 (19 x 232)."
These are just small examples of the mathematical composition of the Quran.
"In addition to the Quran's profound mathematical composition, we find a large number of facts
"which were proven or theorized by modern science many centuries after their revelation in the Quran.
"Here are a few examples of such advanced scientific information.
"Number 1, the earth is egg-shaped", and we gave the verses.
"Number 2, the earth is not standing still. It moves constantly.
"Number 3, the sun is a source of light, while the moon reflects it."
All these things were known centuries after the Quran was revealed.
"Number 4, the proportion of oxygen diminishes as we climb towards the sky.
"Number 5, the Big Bang theory is confirmed."
"Number 6, the expansion of the universe theory..." These are astronomical theories in the, in sciences.
"Number 7, the universe started out as a gaseous mass.
"Number 8, evolution is a fact within a given species. Evolution is a divinely guided process", and I gave you the verses.
"Number 9, the man's seminal fluid decides the baby's gender." We knew this only recently.
"Equally miraculous is the absence of any nonsense from the Quran.
"This is particularly significant in view of the dominance of ignorance and superstitions
"at the time of revelation of the Quran.
"For example, the most respected exegesis among the traditional Muslims is that of Ibn Kathir.
"In this famous classic reference, we read that the earth was built on top of a giant whale,
"upon which stands a bull with 40,000 horns carrying the earth."
And I gave the reference to Ibn Kathir's interpretation of verse 68:1.
Actually, they have it here at the University of Arizona. You can find that book there in the Oriental Studies Department.
"In his interpretation of verse 50, verse 1, Sura, Verse 50:1, Ibn Kathir states that the earth is flat,
"surrounded by a mountain which carries the first sky.
"Six more earths with six surrounding mountains surround the first earth and carry their respective skies."
Dr. Khalifa: "As recently as 1975", my favorite guy, "and in the same location..."
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: He was the first man to condemn me to death.
And I'm thankful for that.
I would have been very disturbed if he agreed with me.
"...and in the same location where the Quran was revealed, only 14 centuries later,
"the president of the Islamic University of Medina, Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Abdul Aziz Ben Baz,
"declared that the earth is flat and standing still."
Here's the insert from his book.
"His book entitled 'the evidence that the Earth is Standing Still' is replete with unbelievable nonsense.
"The Translation of his statement 'if the earth is rotating as they claim,
"'the countries, the mountains, the trees, the rivers, and the oceans will have no bottom,
"'and the people will witness the western countries move to the east, and the eastern countries move to the west,
"'and the direction of Qiblah'", direction of Prayer, "'would have changed.'"
Dr. Khalifa: It was 1975, folks.
A man: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, his, his titles are unbelievable.
He has many titles. One of his titles is President of the Research, Scientific Research, and some have a very long title.
"Since the Quran is God's final message to the world (33:40), it consummates the previous scriptures, confirms them, and supersedes them."
"Specific details of the law, the exact purpose of our lives, and the end of the world are all given in the Quran."
"One of the most elusive objectives of every human being is happiness.
"The Quran reveals the secret of attaining perfect happiness in this life and forever.
"We learn from the Quran that happiness is an exclusive quality of the soul.
"Thus, a body that attains all the material successes it longs for, money, power, fame, good looks, carnal satisfaction,
"often belongs to an unhappy person.
"Happiness depends totally on the degree of growth and development attained by the soul, the real person.
"The Quran provides a detailed map towards perfect happiness for both body and soul,
"both in this world and in the eternal Hereafter.
"As expected from the Creator's final message, one of the prominent themes in the Quran
"is the call for unity among all believers and the repeated prohibition of making any distinction among God's messengers.
"If the object of worship is one and the same, there will be absolute unity among all believers.
"It is the human factor that is devotion to such powerless humans as Jesus, Muhammad, and the saints
"that causes division, hatred, and bitter wars among the misguided believers."
"A guided believer is devoted to God alone and rejoices in seeing any other believer
"who is devoted to God alone, regardless of the name such a believer calls his or her religion.
"As detailed in Appendix 2, the publication of this book marks the advent of a new era,
"the era where God's messages, delivered by all His prophets, are consolidated into one.
"God's one and only religion, Submission, shall dominate all other religions (9:33, 48:28, and 61:9).
"Today's corrupted religions, including Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, will simply die out
"and the true Islam, Submission, will prevail.
"This is not wishful thinking, this is God's inviolable law, as decreed in 3:19, 41:53, and Sura 110.
"[2:62] Surely, those who are Jewish, the Christians, and the converts; anyone who (1) believes in GOD, (2) believes in the Last Day, and (3) leads a righteous life, will receive their recompense from their Lord. They have nothing to fear, nor will they grieve."
And this was completed on the 26th day of the 9th month of 1409, which Edip gave in the Khutba today.
You add these numbers and you get 1444 (19x76), or 19x19x4.
And I will stop here, so Linda can begin with Sura Al-Fãtehah two weeks from now, IN SHAA ALLAH. Do you have any questions? You can...
Dr. Khalifa: That's the introduction, and you can see it is very concentrated, Alhamdu Lillah.
A woman: Give him a hand.
Dr. Khalifa: Right. Alhamdu Lillah.
I'm going to read Al-Fãtehah for all of us.
It's a Fãtehah of thanks to God for guiding us.
And I'm gonna keep this Fãtehah all by itself. There will be other Fãtehahs, we pray to God for other things.
I want this one, just a prayer of thanks to God for, for selecting us
cause He says in Sura 22, verse 78, for guiding us, and we pray that He keeps us on His path.
Al-Fãtehah
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1) Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2) Arrahman Arraheem (1:3) Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4) Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5) Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6) Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Do you remember the birthdays?
On the 25th, whose birthday?
Dr. Khalifa: It's not the 25th, the 30th, August 30th...
Kathryn: [1:1] In the name of GOD, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.* [1:2] Praise be to GOD, Lord of the universe. [1:3] Most Gracious, Most Merciful. [1:4] Master of the Day of Judgment. [1:5] Only You we worship; Only You we ask for help. [1:6] Guide us in the right path; [1:7] the path of those whom You blessed; not of those who have deserved wrath, nor the strayers.
Kathryn: Should I continue reading all the descriptions down here?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Kathryn: Ok, ok, footnote's down here, 1:1.
*1:1 This verse, known as the Basmalah, occupies a special position in Quran.
It is the opening statement of every Sura, except Sura 9. And it constitutes the foundation upon which the Quran's 19-based mathematical miracle is built.
Kathryn: The Basmalah consists of 19 Arabic letters, and it's, it's ...
A woman: Constituents.
Kathryn: Constituent words.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
Occupying the Quran in multiples of 19.
19, 2698, 57, and 114 times, respectively.
Thus, the reader is handed out at the outset, handed out at outset, tangible proof that this is not a human-made book.
Numerous mathematical phenomena are connected with this verse.
For example, the absence of Basmalah is compensated for, 19 Suras later.
Sura 27 contains two Basmalahs, see appendix 29 and footnote 27:30.
Thus, the count of all Basmalahs is restored to 114 (19 x 6).
Additionally, when we add the Sura numbers from the missing Basmalah in Sura 9
to the extra Basmalah in Sura 27, 9 + 10 + 11 + ... + 27, the total comes to 342 (19 x 18).
This total, remarkably, is also the number of words between the two Basmalahs in Sura 27.
As detailed in appendix 1, the Quran's mathematical code is so vast and so intricate that no force on earth could possibly imitate it, let alone manufacture it.
17 (unintelligible)
Well, the beginning, the first verse, starts out like, we should start everything.
[1:1] In the name of GOD, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.*
And goes on,
[1:2] Praise be to GOD, Lord of the universe.
Lord of the Universe almost defining God, I mean, it's like very definite, this is God, Lord of the universe.
The messengers come saying that they're, they come, messengers from the Lord of the Universe,
Kathryn: they praise the Lord of the universe, that their, their...
A woman: their provisions.
Kathryn: their provisions come from Lord of the universe.
It's very definite that it's Lord of the universe.
No other gods, Lord of the Universe, Lord of totally everything.
And goes back to,
[1:3] Most Gracious, Most Merciful. [1:4] Master of the Day of Judgment.
that only God we worship and only God we ask for help.
There's no intercession, we don't have to go through ads in this newspaper.
"Thank you!"
And notice these people are so proud to put ads for St. Jude.
They never put their names, they put their initials only.
This is how proud they are to do what they're doing.
And goes on to,
[1:6] Guide us in the right path;
And in Sura 5, verse 16, it describes the path.
[5:16] With it, GOD guides those who seek His approval. He guides them to the paths of peace, leads them out of darkness into the light by His leave, and guides them in a straight path.
[1:7] the path of those whom You blessed; not of those who have deserved wrath, nor the strayers.
Now, some of the things to incur wrath include in Sura 16, verse 106.
[16:106] Those who disbelieve in GOD, after having acquired faith, and become fully content with disbelief, have incurred wrath from GOD. The only ones to be excused are those who are forced to profess disbelief, while their hearts are full of faith.*
Also, in verse, chapter 2, verse 61,
[2:61] ... They were condemned to humiliation, and disgrace, and they incurred GOD's wrath. That is because they used to disbelieve in GOD's revelations, and killed the prophets unjustly. That is because they disobeyed and transgressed.
Also, in verse 15 of chapter 8,
[8:15] O you who believe, if you encounter the disbelievers who have mobilized against you, do not turn back and flee.
And verse 16 goes on,
[8:16] Anyone who turns back on that day, except to carry out a battle plan, or to join his group, has incurred wrath from GOD, and his abode is Hell; what a miserable destiny!
And also, by idolizing, you incur God's wrath, as stated in chapter 7, verse 152.
[7:152] Surely, those who idolized the calf have incurred wrath from their Lord, and humiliation in this life. We thus requite the innovators.
And we know that destiny for those who incur God's wrath is Hell, as stated in chapter 3, verse 162.
[3:162] Is one who seeks GOD 's approval the same as one who incurs wrath from GOD and his destiny is Hell, and a miserable abode?
Now, for the strayers, the strayers who follow Satan, as stated in chapter 15, verse 42,
[15:42] "You have no power over My servants except the strayers who follow you."
In chapter 4, verse 136, it states,
[4:136] O you who believe, you shall believe in GOD and His messenger, ...
Not just in God, but His messenger,
[4:136] ... and the scripture He has revealed through His messenger, and the scripture He has revealed before them. Anyone who disbelieves in GOD, and His angels, and His scriptures, and His messengers, and the Last Day, has indeed strayed far astray.
And it's not only believing in His messenger.
It goes on in chapter 5, verse 12,
[5:12] GOD had taken a covenant from the Children of Israel, and we raised among them twelve patriarchs. And GOD said, "I am with you, so long as you observe the Contact Prayers (Salat), and give the obligatory charity (Zakat), and believe in My messengers and respect them, and continue to lend GOD a loan of righteousness. I will then remit your sins, and admit you into gardens with flowing streams. Anyone who disbelieves after this, has indeed strayed off the right path."
And respecting the messenger, well, you lower your voice at the messenger.
You follow the messenger.
And in verse 22:78,
[ 22:78 ] ... Thus, the messenger shall serve ...
I'm nervous, my heart is beating like crazy.
(unintelligible)
Is that 9 o'clock yet?
Okay, I feel better now.
Okay, now that I can be myself, right? Ok.
[22:78] ... Thus, the messenger shall serve as a witness among you, and you shall serve as a witness ...
It's so funny, Francis.
[22:78] ... and you shall serve as a witness among the people. ...
[87:8] We will direct ...
In, in verse, in chapter 87, verse 8,
[87:8] We will direct you to the easiest path.
verse 9,
[87:9] Therefore, you shall remind; perhaps the reminder will benefit.
[87:10] The reverent will take heed. [87:11] The wicked will avoid.
So, the messenger, he has to remind.
And we have to follow him.
And it's, it's funny how, it's just like, I know I've told examples to my friends about following
the path and reminding to follow the path.
It's just like when you're on vacation, I don't know, with my family members,
the husband drives and the mother sits with the map, you know, and she's controlling the map and she's telling the husband, you know, well,
"honey, I really don't think you're going in the right direction. You know, I think you're off of the path."
And barely the man says,
"I know where I'm going. Give me that map. I don't need that map."
And it's just like, I mean, it's no doubt that as believers when we're told,
"excuse me, but I think you're kind of going off of the path."
And we're like "no, I'm not. I know where I'm going."
And we go around in circles and go around in circles, and we go around in circles like my father did on vacation.
We waste a lot of time and energy.
And if we would just respect the messenger, the messenger, and he has his job to do and we have our job to do, and, then, do it together.
Okay. So, Anyway, it goes on about the strayers, Chapter 2, Verse 108.
[2:108] Do you wish to demand of your messenger what was demanded of Moses before? Anyone who substitutes disbelief for belief, has strayed off the right path.
We know what happens to the strayers in Chapter 3, Verse 90. It states,
[3:90] Surely, those who disbelieve after believing, then plunge deeper into disbelief, their repentance will not be accepted from them; these are the strayers.
Questions? Comments?
Come on, guys.
Kathryn: Frank.
Frank: (unintelligible)
Kathryn: (unintelligible) Comments?
Dr. Khalifa: Include Al-Fãtehah.
Kathryn: I think so.
Dr. Khalifa: I just knew a few comments about Al-Fãtehah. It is very very important.
(unintelligible) the contact with our Creator everyday.
In Arabic, the sounds are numerically structured.
(unintelligible)
In Aya 7, (unintelligible)
You divide 7 by 0, (unintelligible)
All this is numerically structured, and the sounds
And it's delivered to us by God (unintelligible).
We'll never be (unintelligible) understand.
And it is also a universal (unintelligible)
But it could have been a (unintelligible) language.
God gave it to us in Arabic.
He told us in Sura 41, (unintelligible)
Just every time, every time (unintelligible)
Cause everyday, everyday, (unintelligible)
just one. and then, Iman.
(unintelligible) Pray, we will utter the sounds of Al-Fãtehah.
And this is (unintelligible)
And everyone will utter 100, 106 sounds.
Universally, we'll find.
It must be (unintelligible)
(unintelligible) sounds.
(unintelligible) Arabic sounds.
So, we'll dial the wrong number.
(unintelligible)
The contact is (unintelligible)
This is the need for your soul everyday.
You give your body food, breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday.
This, here, is the key (unintelligible) you.
The eternal you will last and will face God on the Day of Judgement.
(unintelligible) strong enough to stand in the presence of God (unintelligible)
If you are too weak (unintelligible), you will have to run and run fast (unintelligible) to Hell.
(unintelligible)
God doesn't put anybody in Hell.
So, this is the key. This is how we work with the text.
Now, there are people that can take the lowest ranks of the lower Heaven
which are (unintelligible)
without (unintelligible) this.
(unintelligible)
The key is the fastest and most efficient (unintelligible).
(unintelligible)
(unintelligible)
In the Arabic that you see in this page, in Arabic, it says, (unintelligible)
Sura 74
Those who read the Arabic, it says,
Dr. Khalifa (Speaking Arabic): (unintelligible)
Because it means, it came repeatedly after the (unintelligible)
And I feel that was (unintelligible)
It came repeatedly after (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Kathryn: It's also (unintelligible) very very easy for the children to pick up. Very easy.
Kathryn: The rhythm of it. The sounds. It's very very ...
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) It's easy for us.
(unintelligible)
... specific words whereby
(unintelligible)
Because of the fact (unintelligible)
Satan really (unintelligible)
I can say that 400% of the (unintelligible)
It is, it is impossibility
Specific words (unintelligible).
(unintelligible)
I want to (unintelligible)
(unintelligible)
Because it's old.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Kathryn: In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
[2:1] A.L.M.*
[2:2] This scripture is infallible; a beacon for the righteous;
Okay, footnotes.
*2:1 These initials remained a divinely guarded secret for 1400 years.
Hundreds of Muslim and Orientalist scholars tried in vain to decipher their significance.
Obviously, the Almighty Author of the Quran has willed that the decoding of these initials
shall be reserved for a specific person, in a specific place, at a specific time (see Appendices 1, 2, and 26).
Kathryn: Now, we recognize... Dr. Khalifa: Kathryn (unintelligible) rather slow.
Kathryn: Ok.
Now, we recognize these initials as a major component of the Quran's extraordinary mathematical code.
The meaning of A.L.M. is pointed out in verse 2.
[2:2] This scripture is infallible; ...
Kathryn: This is (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Kathryn: Ok. Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Kathryn: These frequencies of occurrence of these three initials in this sura are
4502, and 3202, and 2195, respectively.
The sum of these numbers is 9899, or 19x521.
Thus, these most frequent letters of the Arabic language did not suffer any distortion, addition, or loss.
These same initials also prefix Suras 3, 29, 30, 31, and 32. Their frequencies of occurrence add up to multiples of 19 in each one of these suras.
Comments? Comments?
[2:3] who believe in the unseen, even when alone in their privacy, observe the Contact Prayers (Salat) ,* and from our** provisions to them, they give to charity.
[2:4] And they believe in what was revealed to you, and in what was revealed before you,* and with regard to the Hereafter, they are certain.
[2:5] These are guided by their Lord; these are the winners.
We go on to chapter 8, verse 2.
It describes the believers more, the righteous more.
[8:2] The true believers are those whose hearts tremble when GOD is mentioned, and when His revelations are recited to them, their faith is strengthened, and they trust in their Lord.
[8:3] They observe the Contact Prayers (Salat), and from our provisions to them, they give.
[8:4] Such are the true believers. They attain high ranks at their Lord, as well as forgiveness and a generous provision.
And in chapter 9, verse 111, 112 states,
[9:111] GOD has bought from the believers their lives and their money in exchange for Paradise. Thus, they fight in the cause of GOD, willing to kill and get killed. Such is His truthful pledge in the Torah, the Gospel, and the Quran—and who fulfills His pledge better than GOD? You shall rejoice in making such an exchange. This is the greatest triumph.
[9:112] They are the repenters, worshipers, praisers, meditators, bowing and prostrating, advocators of righteousness and forbidders of evil, and keepers of GOD's laws. Give good news to such believers.
And also, Sura 3, verse 171 through 173 states,
[3:171] They have good news of GOD 's blessings and grace, and that GOD never fails to reward the believers.
[3:172] For those who respond to GOD and the messenger, despite all kinds of hardship, and lead a righteous life, a great reward.
[3:173] When the people say to them, "People have mobilized against you; you shall. fear them," this only strengthens their faith and they say, " GOD suffices us; He is the best Protector."
It seems to be something that distinguishes the righteous believers from the disbelievers
and hypocrites, that the righteous are more than willing to, to defend their belief in God,
that they don't turn back, that they stand strong, because they have nothing to fear.
The only thing they fear is God, and they are defending their belief of God, they have nothing to fear.
Is there any comment or question?
Now, go on to the disbelievers.
[2:6] As for those who disbelieve, it is the same for them; whether you warn them, or not warn them, they cannot believe.*
[2:7] GOD has sealed their hearts and their hearing, and their eyes are veiled. They have incurred severe retribution.
In Sura 68, the disbelievers are referred to as compromisers, lowly swears,
slanders, backbiters, forbidders of charity, transgressors, sinners, unappreciative, and greedy.
Kathryn: Questions, comments?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Kathryn: Compromisers, lowly swears, slanders, backbiters, forbidders of charity, transgressors, sinners, unappreciative, and greedy.
Dr. Khalifa: I just wanted to note that the believers, the righteous (unintelligible)
The disbelievers are described in two verses.
The hypocrites are described in 13 verses.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) the believers and disbelievers are straightforward.
Dr. Khalifa: The hypocrites are those who say they do believe, inside their heart, they don't believe.
Kathryn: Ok.
Shut the door, please.
We go on to the hypocrites.
[2:8] Then there are those who say, We believe in GOD and the Last Day," when in fact they are not believers.
[2:9] In attempt to deceive GOD and those who believe, they only deceive themselves without perceiving.
[2:10] In their hears there is a disease. Consequently, GOD augments their disease. They have incurred a painful retribution for their lying.
[2:11] When they are told, "Do not commit evil," they say, "But we are working righteousness!"
[2:12] And in fact, they are evildoers, but they do not perceive.
[2:13] When they are told, "Believe as the people have believed," they say, "Shall we believe like the fools have believed?" In fact, it is they who are the fools, but they do not know.
[2:14] When they meet the believers, they say, "We believe," but when alone with their devils, they say, "We are still with you; we were only mocking."
[2:15] GOD mocks them, by leading them in their transgressions, blundering.
[2:16] It is they who bought the straying, at the expense of guidance. Such trade never prospers, nor do they receive any guidance.
[2:17] Their example is like those who start a fire, then, as it begins to shed light to them, GOD takes away their light, leaving them in darkness, unable to see.
[2:18] Deaf, dumb, and blind; they fail to return.
[2:19] For like a storm from the sky in the darkness, thunder, and lightning. They put their fingers in their ears, to evade the lightning bolt and death. God thus surrounds the disbelievers.
In Sura 3, verse 167, the hypocrites are mentioned by (unintelligible).
[3:167] And to expose the hypocrites who were told, "Come fight in the cause of GOD, or contribute." They said, "If we knew how to fight, we would have followed you." They were closer to disbelief than belief on that day. They uttered with their mouths what was not in their hearts. GOD knows whatever they conceal.
And then again, the, the hypocrites, they, they don't stand firm, strong in their belief. They're, they're not willing to fight.
And also, in 63, verse 1, it's not only...
It's also, it's not only that they, they say that they believe in God, but they also... it says,
[63:1] When the hypocrites come to you they say, "We bear witness that you are the messenger of GOD."* GOD knows that you are His messenger, and GOD bears witness that the hypocrites are liars.
They also say "we know you're the messenger", but they don't believe.
Kathryn: Comments or questions?
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) who are saying "La Elaha Ella Allah (unintelligible)"
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I've heard that.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
verse 13,
[ 2:13 ] ... In fact, it is they who are fools, but they do not know.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
It's idol worship. (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible), you want to go to the Day of Judgement.
Dr. Khalifa: So, be sure (unintelligible) nobody will (unintelligible) and say "he idolized this or that."
Dr. Khalifa: How can we do that?
Kathryn: And the hypocrites are so sure... Dr. Khalifa: Only by being devoted to God alone.
Dr. Khalifa: What?
Kathryn: The hypocrites are so sure that they're right, that they invite others, others follow them
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Kathryn: Yeah, it sounds good.
Kathryn: (unintelligible) in 14, it says,
[2:14] When they meet the believers, they say, "We believe," but when alone with their devils, they say, "We are still with you; we were only mocking."
Kathryn: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, they're not. You know, I have been, I've met some people, hypocrites, for example, (unintelligible).
But when they're away, and when they get together with other hypocrites like them, they say
Dr. Khalifa: "we don't believe that... we believe Rashad (unintelligible) thief's hand (unintelligible)
Kathryn: But this is the way it might work [ 2:14 ] ... when alone with their devils, ... as if I mean, it's on another, I mean,
Not like they go in another room and they say "Ok, come on (unintelligible)" and mocking them.
Kathryn: It's like it's on another level or something, you know what I mean?
Dr. Khalifa: Right. I'll give you a real life example
where these two hypocrites were (unintelligible) and
well, so, and then God is teaching us (unintelligible).
These are people who I really want (unintelligible)
And but they (unintelligible) the message.
(unintelligible)
You know, I (unintelligible) discuss with them, that (unintelligible)
(unintelligible)
"we don't believe Rashad (unintelligible)"
And they step by step (unintelligible)
(unintelligible)
There's a physical impossibility because (unintelligible).
(unintelligible)