BISM ALLAH, ALRAHMAN, ALRAHIM
In the Name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful
I seek refuge in God from Satan
I have a lot to say.
I don't know why but it all came to my head.
And it is very important.
Actually, I had a lot to say and I was anxious to change the schedule.
So, when we were ahead of the schedule in the morning and Shahnaz was speaking here.
We decided to change the schedule, right?
But this is destiny.
It is destined that I speak now at this time with you, certain people, in this hall, now.
Because when we attempted to change the schedule. What happened?
We couldn't do it.
And the rain was only here around the... on the dining hall.
It was rain here only. The rain and the lightening were only here.
So, we had to go back to the original schedule because it is destiny that I speak now.
When you go to school, and enroll in a course and they find that you are deficient in some information,
they send you back to school to take some prerequisites.
You go and take physics or physical chemistry, and then you find the formulae or formulas
that how things go, differentiation and integration and funny signs.
And you don't understand a thing and they say oh you didn't take calculus?
You say no. So, they send you back to school, say go take some calculus and come back.
And we are, this is what happened to us.
We were in God's kingdom and some deficiency was discovered in us.
And some fellow creatures suggested that we'd be flunk, failed and send them all to hell.
And God said I am gonna send them back to school, give them a textbook
You see the textbook.
And then they are tested, and if they make it, they can come back.
Go take some calculus and come back.
After making this statement, I'm realizing that we are here in school to take some additional courses.
We are receiving a lot of information and we are going from test to test.
I want to congratulate you, most of you, for making it
because you have passed the most difficult test.
The most difficult test is to have one of us, a human being like us, claim that he is a messenger of God.
It's a very difficult test.
And I can see now why God calls them AS-SABEGHOON, those who are the elite of the elite,
السّابقون السّابقون the elite of the elite.
But it's a very difficult test, and I myself went through it. So, I am speaking from experience.
God says they are ثلة من الأولين, many from the first generation.
We are the first generation.
وَقَلِيلٌ مِنَ الآخِرِينَ and few from the later generations.
We are the ones who took the difficult test.
Many will be jumping on the wagon in the near future and thousand and millions are going to join us in the future,
but they don't deserve as much credit as you.
I was staying at Farima and Amir Koleimi's house at San Francisco a couple of months ago.
And Farima and Amir, like myself, who grew up with the traditional Islam:
they taught us that Muhammad was the last prophet, the last messenger,
but Farima and Amir passed the test,
and they accepted me as God's messenger. They looked at the evidence,
And they believed me.
They actually believed God,
Because God said لَا يَمَسُّهُ إِلَّا الْمُطَهَّرُون
God said, none can touch this book of mine except those who are worthy of it.
And they said since God revealed the miracle of Quran through this man, then he must be, he cannot be a liar.
And they concluded that God is telling the truth.
It's not as easy as I am telling you now. But it's a difficult test. They passed it very easily.
A couple of days later, after I stayed with Farima and Amir,
the neighborhood children came to ask what is that messenger of God.
Because Farima and Amir's children went around saying guess who is sleeping in our house?
For the children, for the new generation-
Now God says He promises الحسنة, the beauty and enjoyment and Heaven for all of the believers,
But Farima and Amir's children cannot get the same credit as Farima and Amir.
These are children. They are growing up. They have no hang-ups.
They say... their parents say this is God's messenger and we believe it and for them it's easy.
Can you see the difference?
So, I congratulate you. The test is very difficult.
And I said, I passed it.
I mean I went through it.
Alhamdulillah, I did pass it because I am like you. We are in the same boat.
I am required also to believe that Rashad Khalifa is a messenger of God,
and it took me 8 years.
Some of you are probably better than me in that respect. It didn't take you that long, but it took me eight years.
And this gives me a chance to make it up to some of my most beloved friends.
Edip, where is Edip?
This man is the most curious creature on earth.
He is very curious. He knows your grandmother's name by now.
You might not know that he knows, but he is very curious.
and he comes to me and
I mean he goes to the supermarket and reads all the pamphlets and all the bulletin boards, everything, is very curious.
It doesn't make it easy when he comes to me and says how does the revelation come to you?
Do you see Gabriel?
What does he tell you? what do you tell him? In what form?
And it is very difficult to convey this to him, and I can see the disappointment in his face.
He is very dear to me because he is a believer.
Feroz Karmally is also very curious person.
Batool will tell you that.
Very curious and he asked me the same question.
And he is, he is very very dear to me, Feroz Karmally
and the disappointment in his face just breaks my heart.
I don't know how, what to tell him, so I am going to tell you now.
I see the disappointment on Edip's face and I see it in Feroz's face.
I don't know if I can satisfy their curiosity or not, but I try.
There is a precedent in the Quran, as you know Gabriel appeared to Maryam.
He told her he was Gabriel, but what did she say?
She said, إني أعوذ بالرحمن منك
I seek refuge in God from you.
إن كنت تقيا
So, she assumed that he is Satan or an agent of Satan or something bad.
And before we jump to any conclusions, I want to set some records straight. Gabriel is a messenger of God.
He is the messenger who carries the revelations, he is an angel and God calls him روح الامین
The Honest Bearer of Revelation روح الامین
And he is...we may have human... human visions of Gabriel.
and we may convey on him human characteristics.
Like, he may say you're God's messenger. I say get away from me, you are Satan.
We would think that he'll get mad and say I'm telling you you are God's messenger.
No, he doesn't. He is very mild
very understanding, very gentle and very respectful.
And he never never utters the things that we would utter
Like I'm telling you you'd better do the announcement or listen.
It is amazing, of course, God gave him certain powers. They see certain things.
and they have a tremendous understanding, the angels do.
So, they're really angels. The word angels as we understand it is very fitting.
Now, I went through the test because,
the way the revelation comes, Feroz and Edip,
is that when... when God is sending information to us, Gabriel seems to just take over my brain, completely, and nothing else.
I can do nothing else except deal with the piece of information that is coming.
So, I stated in the perspective one time that Sura Y.S. (36): verse 3: إِنَّكَ لَمِنَ الْمُرْسَلِينَ
I said it that most assertively Gabriel told me that إِنَّكَ لَمِنَ الْمُرْسَلِينَ, verse 3 applies to you. Surely, you are one of the messengers.
And I tried to avoid that because it's a very... it's a very strong statement.
And I grew up saying Y.S. (یا سین), I was even told that Y.S. is the name of Muhammad.
But my brain was taken over and you are one of the messengers.
I said go away, you are Satan which is what Mary said.
And then a very mild and very gentle debate will go on.
Why do you think I'm Satan?
Didn't you, Didn't you say أَعُوذُ بِاللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ الرَّجِيمِ
I will actually say this. I would say أَعُوذُ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ, I seek refuge in God, from Satan the rejected.
And I would say رَّبِّ أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ هَمَزَٰتِ ٱلشَّيَـٰطِينِ my Lord, I seek refuge in you from the whispers of the devil.
وَأَعُوذُ بِكَ رَبِّ أَنْ يَحْضُرُونِ and I seek refuge in you, my Lord that they come close to me.
And the debater will say you said these statements, don't you believe God?
He protects you.
I am not Satan.
And this is, when Maryam said I seek refuge in God from you. She said أعوذ بالرحمن منك
I seek refuge in the Most Gracious from you
إن كنت تقيا if this means anything to you. In other words, you'll understand what I'm saying if you are really Gabriel.
Gabriel appeared to Maryam in the form of a human being.
This did not happen in my case.
My case is strictly here.
So, I dismissed the thought, but then I'm, I'm totally incapacitated.
As far as thinking is concerned, or doing anything. So, I ignored the thought.
And then I said, I'm gonna read some Quran.
Then, I opened the Quran and my brain is taken over. You are one of the messengers.
Sura Y.S., 3 applies to you.
So, this is... I hope I satisfied at least some of the curiosity of Edip.
I know tomorrow he will come up with some other question.
But it was very difficult.
I also... I think I need to make a correction, also. I was never asked to make the announcement.
And I think the way I put it down, I may not have expressed myself.
I was not, I was never ordered until the time of the announcement,
and the 8 years before that, I was not ordered, but it was implied.
Like I said, there is gentleness and mildness and obviously there was destiny. There was a certain time for that announcement.
But I was just told in this fashion of all the information that you're God's messenger.
And I went on my many ways, saying I will preach the word of God Alone, the worship of God Alone. We don't need any announcements.
I said ok. Fine. Ok. I know I'm God's messenger. Fine. Leave me alone. These kind of things.
And then, in the first conference, Satan wanted to spoil that and jump the gun and do something.
And Susan Rey kind of let the cat out of the bag on pure speculation.
And then at that time, because Ismail is here, I am gonna relate his part,
Kathreen Colton was just telling me that when that happened and there was a big commotion,
She went in a room and she found Ismail Barakat and Ghasem Ahmad of Malaysia, and Mehri and Mahmood Pirooz conferring about this disaster,
And Ismail Barakat was pacing the room.
He was very angry and he made a statement that Kathreen heard.
Ismail is here and he said I'm gonna ask him point blank if he is God's messenger or not.
He was whispering, by the way, but Kathreen heard him loud and clear.
And he was determined to ask me.
At the same time I was praying very hard. Said please God don't let anybody ask me point blank, are you God's messenger?
Because I would have told them. I would have said yes at the time.
Edip: Rashad, I asked you a question but you didn't answer me.
The messenger: What was that? when?
Edip: I said your name has been mentioned in Quran 19 times. I said it is significant. What's your idea about this?
The messenger: That was correspondence, right? So, I didn't answer you. That was easy.
Then, I was in San Francisco and people were in a lot of turmoil. Many of you were there.
And here is Ismail Barakat, a hard-headed Egyptian, determined, I mean really determined
He'd back me up
To ask me, point-blank are you God's messenger?
And I was... Kathreen said that she was watching me and I was very quiet.
What she didn't know, maybe she knows now, that I was praying very hard.
Please God, don't let anybody ask me that question. I don't need anything like this. I'm gonna preach Your word alone and worship of You Alone.
And what happened Ismail? I give you two minutes.
You were determined, yeah.
And we discussed it with Ghasem Ahmad and we had gone to San Francisco to knock down idols. We didn't know of any new ones,
you see. So, we looked through the Quran and to us a messenger was one who receives scripture.
And this guy didn't receive any scripture.
Not as far as we know and if he says that he's received scripture, he is a liar.
So, I was determined to ask him point blank and get the thing over with.
And God is my witness. I couldn't open my mouth to ask that question.
Thank you, sir.
later, some time later, Ismail was telling me I can't explain why I was so determined to ask you and what made me. Just I didn't do it.
So, obviously God answered my prayers.
And the time went by and I had to make the announcement.
And I said some of you may be ahead of me because
I really agonized over that Khutba, the sermon of Friday. How will I tell my friends, brothers and sisters about this announcement?
How many of them will I lose?
I love them very much. I wanted them to go with me, Insha Allah to heaven.
And I dreaded losing any of them.
So, I, I had a sleepless night.
Then I go for the Khutba on Friday
And very eloquently, as eloquently as I can, I delivered the Khutba,
And I tell them that I'm ordered to announce that I'm God's messenger.
Then, then I go to Kathreen Colton, for example, and
Oh, I have to, I have to bring to you my condition at the time. I'm sweating away. What do you think of this Kathreen?
She said I knew that all along.
What is the big deal?
Then, I turned to Mohtasham and Susan and they said what took you so long?
Here I am... I'm out of breath and sweating away and these guys knew all along.
The funniest one, I went to Lory also and she said well, so, what's the big deal?
I'm about to die, have a heart attack or something,
and all these guys already knew, somehow.
without announcement, just like I knew without an announcement.
The funniest one was Ihsan Ramadan. Where is she?
Where is Ihsan? Raise your hand.
Ihsan was going to our children saying this man is a messenger of God. I knew he's a messenger of God but does he know?
I wonder if he knows.
How can I break this news to him?
Well, these guys were ahead of me.
And of course, I told you what my daughter said.
This is the toughest test.
It is very tough and I congratulate you. That's why I went into length.
We also trying to take account of this conference
and I have lost some of my dearest friends because I was subtle.
But so I'm not gonna be subtle.
Mahmood read the verse that says they are merciful among themselves and harsh on the disbelievers.
I'm going to name names.
I'm gonna be direct and straightforward.
After congratulating most of you, there are a few individuals who I'm afraid may go to hell.
If they're guided, they will love me for saying... for saying this.
If they're not guided, they will hate me.
which doesn't make any difference.
So, I was standing in the lunch line, and Lydia said how nice and smooth the conference is going.
And Kathy Robinson took the words out of my mouth it's not over yet.
So, Olivia almost jumped and said what do you mean?
I said yeah, it's not over yet. Wait till you hear me. So, I may cause a lot of turmoil.
I need to remember the test.
Yes, the test is very difficult
but If the person is not a believer, it is amazing how flimsy the test can be and they flunk.
And this happened to some of my dearest friends
because inside their heart, they were not disbelieve... they were not believers.
Flimsy, by flimsy, I give you an example. This is not what happened, but it is an example.
They will come to the masjid. They will look at the miracle. They will the translation. They will discuss the matter with me. They say worshiping God alone is reasonable. This is what we believe.
Following the words of God is fine, it is what we believe.
Then, they go out and a block away, they meet somebody who tells them guess what?
Rashad Khalifa picks his nose.
They say he does?! I will never go there again!
That's how flimsy the test can be.
Yeah.
I mean here, I've given, shown them the miracle that God revealed throughout... through us the believers, a whole bunch of us,
and then for a flimsy reason, they would flunk the test.
It's a very difficult test, but then it reflects their belief or disbelief inside.
We had many people come to the mosque, to the Masjid Tucson.
They'd come to the Quranic studies. They'd come to the Friday prayers, and they would be seemingly good believers.
Now, this is what actually happens.
And then, of course, they have to be tested.
Sura 2....Verse 2 of Sura 29: Do the people think they would be left to say we believe without being put to the test?
We will surely test them to distinguish the truthful from the liar.
They have to be tested and it is in my best interest.
But I happen to fall in love with people easily especially when they say, we're believers.
I was telling you that Edip is very dear to me, Feroz very dear to me.
And I explained to you this matter of revelation.
Even though it is really impossible to convey. I want to tell you anything. I want everything to be open. I don't want anything to be mysterious.
And I don't want you to hesitate.
If there's anything mysterious, or taboo or something, don't.... there is no taboo and there is no mystery. You come forward and ask.
But why are they dear to me? It's because they're believers.
One of the best advantages of being God's messenger is that I get to know the believers through believers.
It's such an honor because believers are a rare precious commodity. God said so in the Quran.
God says most people no matter what you do will not believe and most of those who believe will fall in idol worship (12:103-106).
So, it is in my best interest that people go through the test and the hypocrites are sifted away.
But like I said I happen to fall in love with these people.
So, we have these people come to the masjid, appear to be nice, good believers,
and then the test:
And Satan sends a man who is very eloquent and very clever, a man who does not do the five prayers, claims to be a muslim
And as he sips his whiskey. He tells them Rashad Khalifa is bad.
It's not exactly he picks his nose, but he doesn't keep his word,
or he scratches his left ear occasionally, some flimsy really.
and they would say oh, ok. Then, we'll not go to the mosque. OK?
So, it reflect... it hurts me, but again it explains why I congratulate you for passing the test.
The most difficult test is the test of messengership.
I don't wanna miss anything. I wrote some notes very quickly here.
God says I will divert from my revelations those who are arrogant.
And the only reason people flunk this very difficult test is ego.
And God goes out of His way in the Quran and repeats that say I am a human being like you.
I am a human being like you.
And you know what you are. You're not perfect, nor is God's messenger whoever he... whoever it is.
I'm a human being like you. The key word is like you.
But what is God's messenger? It's a person through whom God is sending information.
And the messenger himself is required to listen to this information and is required, like you, to look at it and believe it or disbelieve it.
and it's the same difficulty that you're going through.
but it is information from God.
This is why God say مَّن يُطِعِ الرَّسُولَ فَقَدْ أَطَاعَ اللَّهَ whoever obeys the messenger is obeying God.
This doesn't mean idol-worship
which is used frequently to flunk some people.
You're idolizing Rashad.
We know better than that. We're listening to the information that's coming from God.
There is another verse that says, فَلَا وَرَبِّكَ it's a very strong verse
فَلَا وَرَبِّكَ
God is saying, No, by your Lord, فَلَا وَرَبِّكَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ they are not believers.
حَتَّىٰ يُحَكِّمُوكَ until they ask your judgement.
فِيمَا شَجَرَ بَيْنَهُمْ in whatever opinions they dispute.
ثُمَّ لَا يَجِدُوا فِي أَنْفُسِهِمْ حَرَجًا and then, they find no hesitation in them whatsoever, 
مِمَّا قَضَيْتَ about your judgement.
وَيُسَلِّمُوا۟ تَسْلِيمًۭا very powerful word: and submit completely.
This فَلَا وَرَبِّكَ لَا يُؤْمِنُونَ, by your Lord, they are not believers.
There is a lady from Vancouver. Her name is Christina. She stopped me this morning.
Christine or Christina, I'm not sure.
and she told me I believe in God Alone. I worship God Alone. I believe the Quran, the Quran Alone.
I don't believe you're a messenger of God.
Christie: I didn't say that. Definitely, didn't say that.
The messenger: What did you say?
Christie: I believe you are a messenger and message, number 19 as a code and I appreciate that. And I also said that....and I certainly never said you weren't a messenger. I believe you are.
The messenger: We had the same incident in Vancouver where privately, between her and me, she said I don't believe you're a messenger of God.
And then when I said it, she came out in public like this and said I believe you're messenger of God.
Christie: I do and I appreciate
The messenger: So, what were you telling me this morning?
Christie: I said that I believe that you should teach the brethren , all of us the meaning of Quran ourselves, meaning the Quran and do prayers
and not make decisions in their own personal lives the way you have been making. I think it's a dangerous action.
I came out of a church when he did that and the minister that was the head of church, Herbert W. Armstrong, years ago because led
into schism and I believe it's with us. He did not teach the people believing on God Alone.
The messenger: I believe he did, actually. Herbert W. Armstrong was a great man and I believe he did not believe Jesus was God, or son of God and I believe he is a Muslim.
Christie: In the beginning, he did. He led the people by God alone, but at the end of his life, he was teaching people in doom what he said and that was the problem in that church.
The messenger: OK.So, you're telling me what to do?
Christie: No, I was trying to warn you privately not to be...
A man: Who the hell are you to warn him?
Christie: I was trying to explain to you the pitfalls of that, and I was trying to ask you to see....
The messenger: Ok. I want to... I want to read the last verse of Sura 58,
A man: warn him?! This is...!
The messenger: under the subtitle run for your life, it says, you will not find people who believe in God and the Last Day befriending those who oppose God and His messenger,
even if they were their parents, or their children, or their siblings, or their tribe.
You will not find people who believe in God and the Last Day befriending those who oppose God and His messenger.
Do you believe I'm God's messenger?
Christie: Yes. Yes.
The messenger: do you do the contact prayer the way I do?
Christina: yes
A man: No, you don't.
The messenger: Does she do the prayer the way I do?
A woman: NO.
A man: No, they don't
The messenger: Thank you.
The messenger: Well, if you received letters in Vancouver from all over the world.
Raymon: I have my copies of letters in my... in my possession.
The messenger: OK. Can I have them? I will read them. Can I have them?
The messenger: You can never do enough for God and this is one problem...
The messenger: OK. I'm glad you brought this up because I remembered this Satanic principle of Do not judge.
OK. I want... so, be aware of this statement: Do not judge!
This...One of the names of this book is AL-FURQAN the Criterion with which we are to judge.
This is Satan's most famous principle and we hear it everyday: Do not judge!
By God we can judge because we have the law.
They judge by the human laws, and we can judge by God's law.
When God says that the disbeliever will go to hell; we can say the disbeliever will go to hell.
When God says you do not find the people who believe in God and the Hereafter befriending those who oppose God and His messenger,
and you see some of your most beloved friends breaking this criterion,
and constantly associating with enemies of God and God's messenger, you have to worry about them.
And as I said in the beginning, what I'm...what I'm about to say, if the people are guided, they will love me for it; if they are not guided, they will hate me for it.
Christie: Rashad, are you saying that I am the enemy?.....is that what you are saying?
The messenger: No, you told me this morning, I do not believe you're God's messenger which is, I don't care about this myself, but you're blaspheming against God.
Because God says: None can touch the Quran, except those who are sincere. (56:79)
So, in other words, you're saying I'm a liar.
If I'm a liar, you know what it means if I'm a liar? It means that I'm a person that does not believe in the Hereafter,
a person who does not believe that, some day, he will face God and he will be asked, why did you do this, why did you say that?
Christie: You're either lying or you made a mistake or you forgot.
The messenger: All of them are bad. I'm either a liar and made a mistake or I forgot. but this is a very serious...this is a very serious matter.
The messenger: Now, Susan Ray is about to get into the act. Susan comes all the way from Europe to tell the people that she knows better Arabic than me, that my translation is wrong,
and therefore, we have to have representation of the other side,
And you thought this conference was going peacefully.
May I interrupt for one second?
I need a volunteer to take Farzin, Farima and Zarin to the airport.
The messenger: I'll be with you in one minute. Just one minute.
Do we have a volunteer to take them to the airport?
Ok, take my keys.
I'm sorry, but they have to catch an airplane.
Sophie and Raymond and Susan, I hope you don't mind my frankness, but I...
Sophie: ...I just have to say
if I ever hurt you or if my family ever hurt you, I seek refuge in Allah from Satan the rejected one, and I repent. That's all I can say.
And may Allah guide us to the right path if we are guided by Satan.
The messenger: Sophie, I'm in the same boat with you. I'm striving to make it to Heaven, Insha Allah,
and I want you and Raymond, I know you're striving to make it to Heaven, but I think I love you too much maybe,
You've been in this movement from day one. You've been solid,
but you associate... in fact, Satan is waiting for you in Vancouver right now. Don't you know that? You know that.
You know some enemies of God and God's messenger who'll be waiting for you in there.
And you're gonna treat them very nicely. You'll probably invite them to your house.
When I was in Vancouver, you had LuLu Maknoon in your house, even though she was blaspheming against me and lying about me.
It is this kind of thing. You're doing this out of kindness, Sophie. I'm not attacking you or Raymond. You believe that these are right things.
Sophie: Rashad, when you came to my house, everybody was telling me he was a disbeliever.
The messenger: Who was a disbeliever?
Sophie: When you was coming to my house, everyone said to me he was a disbeliever.
Messenger: Who was a disbeliever?
People: You.
Messenger: Oh, ok.
Sophie: ...I said, Rashad, you say LA ILAHA ILLA ALLAH; even though I was brought up, I was very impressed with Sunni Islam.
I said, you say LA ILLAHA ILLA ALLAH, you're welcome in my home and you don't go stay in a hotel.
If you remember that time, you were facing the Saudis... the Saudis at that time.
When LuLu Maknoon came to my home, she came and she said that she wanted to see you, and she wanted to meet with you.
This Hadith thing she wrote, I did not know about it. I explained to you ...
I discussed it with Lulu, I said, Lulu, you're mistaken.
She wanted to meet with you.
The way I see it, you guys could meet and if there was a misunderstanding between believers, Allah says you should reconcile.
That's the way I look at it.
I never looked at it, in the sense that I was supporting a disbeliever.
The messenger: Well, fine. I didn't see... you can explain it as much as you want... as much as you want but I can't help worrying about you when you have people opposing God and opposing God's messenger in your house.
Sophie: Rashad, when you told me how you felt about it, the girl was on a bus the next day and she was on her way to Alaska.
Is this not a fact?
The messenger: Yes, ..., I love you for it. I'm happy. See, this is why I'm doing it because I hope you won't do this in the future.
but you will not associate with them in the... In other words, you treat them... you treat them as God wants us to treat them.
God says لَا تَرْكَنُوٓا۟ Do not lean
لَا تَرْكَنُوٓا۟ إِلَى ٱلَّذِينَ ظَلَمُوا۟ to those who are doing wrong (11:113)
Susan
Susan: Can I ask you a question, Rashad? Dr. Khalifa, excuse me!
Is there...Was there any mistake, if it was rather for language, or interpretation in your first translation of Quran?
The messenger: The first translation of the Quran is an authorized translation.
This translation, every word here is the word of God. This is not my word. This is not my translation; this is God's translation.
There are certain things that I hope you understand. Before we opened the first box of this Quran, I told the people in Masjid Tucson this is already obsolete.
Because God sent His message in stages, even in the original Quran that the prophet Muhammad delivered,
and I have many examples to show you.
So if you find - just a minute - I want to share a principle with all of you,
that, like I said, God says say I'm a human being like you which means I'm not perfect,
just like you, I pick my nose.
A third woman (jokingly): You? No! Is that ture!? Is that true!? Please! He picks his nose!
The messenger: No, no. There is something I want to say. What I want to share with you is, if you see me as a bad person, then it is your tough luck.
If you see me as a perfect person, it's because God wants to guide you;
however, the truth is, I'm not a perfect person,
but every one of you have gone through this experience. You meet somebody,
and you are really dumb and stupid and you could not say a thing to this person to help him
and as soon as this person leaves, you remember all the verses in the Quran and the things that you needed.
It's tough luck for that person. That person would leave thinking that you're a stupid person.
And many times you meet somebody and you will be very eloquent and all the Quran verses will come, the right, you'll say the right words,
And it's because that person, God wants to guide that person.
So, the way you perceive me depends on whether God wants to send you away or to bring you to the message.
This is a very known principle in the Quran.
Susan: May I ask you a question?
The messenger: ok, you wanna prove that I made mistakes in this translation and the other translation?
Susan: No
The messenger: Ok, what are you trying to prove?
Susan: Dr. Khalifa, please. I was the first one who told all these people that you are the messenger of God.
and this can never, no one take it away from you.
because it is something which is done. You have brought the key to the mathematical code of Quran.
This is absolutely undiscussable.
The messenger: but?
Susan: Ok. I just asked you because this is getting a very very dangerous situation.
I was the one about 1986, that I swear, in front of God, that I am going to back you up until my last drop of blood and this I meant it.
But, I am going to back up the messenger of God. The messenger means exactly what this message is.
Your message is absolutely untouchable.
You are the messenger for that message.
But the situation is getting very dangerous because today... today, I was seeing... looking in the last edition of Quran you translated and I found that there was a difference of meaning.
And then when I showed this to one person, this person said do you know better than he does?
Exactly what you were saying that Susan Ray knows better Arabic than I. This is not the point.
Because we are human beings. We are able to make mistakes,
And this if I am showing, it's because this edition should be corrected too, as you are doing it now.
But the person is dangerous, because this person tells me, if you are saying that this is wrong, you are an unbeliever.
This is the danger that I'm talking about. I'm not criticizing you.
This is getting very dangerous, Dr. Khalifa. You have got to do something about this.
You are the one who said first is the Quran and the messenger is Quran.
We have got.... God says that you have one Ummah.
It means one line and this is this Quran.
The messenger: you're dividing it Susan, you're dividing the Ummah and this is... Everybody knows that.
You know, if you're really sincere and you're really worried about the message and the messenger,
you would come to me and ask me because I'm the one who made that change, if I made it.
Susan: What change?
The messenger: Whatever you're asking and showing the person that I made a mistake or I made a change.
You would come to me and discuss it with me because I'm the only one concerned.
You're subverting the message.
You're telling people. You're putting doubts in their hearts.
Susan: This is the danger because every time that I said that there might be a mistake, these people, they told me I'm against you. This is ridiculous.
The messenger: What is the purpose of telling that there's a mistake, when you could have come to me and then together we could share it with everybody?
if I am unaware of it.
Susan: And last year, I experienced something that I don't want to go through it again because I couldn't speak. Because they were over me. They were thinking I'm your enemy. I'm not your enemy.
The messenger: Susan, if you're not following the Quran, the whole Quran, nothing but the Quran,
See if you don't... Susan, Susan , last year, you spoke and you said lots of things that I'm not in the Quran. Our principle, our principle here....
Susan: We should have discussed, Rashad.
The messenger: Our principle here is, if it is not in the Quran, we do not follow it, we do not believe it, if it is not in the Quran. You have to get rid of all those things.
Susan: We have got to sit, discuss and show each other if we are out of Quran or we are not.
Edip: Susan Ray may have some good points, may have some mistakes. Last year, she insisted on a point. She claimed something very strange
that... Last year, we had a discussion, round discussion here with you and one of your claim, that now I remember... can you hear me? One of your claim that I remember now that at the end of 88, somebody will come
and from darkness we'll pass through light. Now, I...
The messenger: Edip, Edip...
Edip: BISM ALLAH, ALRAHMAN, ALRAHIM
Edip: Susan, last year we had a discussion and we discussed, on YAWM AL-DDIN (Day of Resurrection)
and also, you made some interpretation on Sura AL-Noor (the Light), Light will come, and
I received a letter from you in Turkey. When I was in Turkey, you claimed also... I think you claimed here, I don't remember exactly, but
I remember that you claimed that you are very sure at the end of 88, these will come. I don't know somebody asked it will come
Now, I want to change the subject. I want to ask you what has come? If it is so important, I want to give you a chance. I will ask
Rashad to give you a chance. What had come at the end of 88 that should have changed... supposed to be change everything in the Earth?
It is a mistake, but you made a lot of trouble at time. You were claiming and you were so...
Susan: Why trouble?
Edip: Yes, we discussed...
Susan: This is the only place that we have the liberty from God to speak.
Edip: Sure.
Susan: And this is what I have hoped that our security would be different from the others.
Edip: If this is our vicious idea, if anybody can subject and AYA from Quran. This year it begins. I'm sure. You must believe in this.
Or I understand...
Susan: You tell Susan Ray, I'm not gonna believe what you say. Who's gonna make you?
Edip: Excuse me?
Susan: Who's gonna make you, force you?
Edip: Not force, but...
The messenger: Edip, I want to get you married.
Edip: We are here, must be... must be... must agree on subject and... Thank you.
The messenger: We're not going to subvert to anything or think behind anybody's back. I want to bring everything out
and I want you to know that I love Raymond and Sophie very much and I know they are believers. There are things I worry about them, like I worry about
my brother or sister or parents. I just worry, Raymond. You know I love you very much and they know I want you to be in a vanguard
of the believers. I see, it is also dangerous because if you are sucked in anything that God does not want you to do,
you influence a lot of people around you who may listen to you, also.
Raymond: I can assure you it took me a lot of struggles in many years to get where I am today. And it will take something far far greater than
Christie or anything to trick me toward evil to get to my soul. My soul, Insha Allah, is going to the one place.
The messenger: This is my hope and I know, Insha Allah, God will help you achieve that. I think I'd better close and maybe leave it to questions
but I want to close with a verse in SURA 49 that says... First of all, I'm not a popularity seeker. I don't care if I am all by myself.
This is... this is God's business. It's not my business. I have nothing to do to with it. This is God's business.
But it is my duty to share with you this verse that says, in SURA 49,
إِنَّمَا ٱلْمُؤْمِنُونَ
إِنَّمَا is an exclusion letter meaning the only believers.
إِنَّمَا ٱلْمُؤْمِنُونَ
The only believers
ٱلَّذِينَ ءَامَنُوا۟ بِٱللَّهِ وَرَسُولِهِ
are those who believe in God and His messenger
ثُمَّ لَمْ يَرْتَابُوا۟
and then harbor no doubts, whatsoever. This is the definition of the believers.
Now, because of what is happening in our generation, we have a tremendous responsibility and with it there is tremendous blessings
that will include us in the elite of the elite, but also tremendous responsibility that brings the worst disaster.
If I'm right in my assessment of Christie and what she told me this morning, and unless she is saved by God's mercy
She will be the sorriest person on the Day of Judgment because she came so close. This coming very close, they being in the same room
with God's message and God's messenger listening and witnessing. And on the Day of Judgement, we see this in SURA 57,
I'm going to read this quick. I mean, have you ask the questions. When you come so close, it is very dangerous.
There are only two extremes in this room. There are only two extremes. The extremely fortunate
(41:35) وَمَا يُلَقَّىٰهَآ إِلَّا ذُو حَظٍّ عَظِيمٍۢ
Those who are fantastically fortunate.
And then there is the worst disbelievers. There is no in-between in this room. You're gonna go either to the top or to the bottom and it is your neck.
The truth is evident and falsehood is evident and you make the choice. I'm not interested in numbers or popularity or how many
billions. I really... I really don't care. I'm amazed how many people are believing. I'm amazed! I'm gratified and I'm very happy.
SURA 57, starting at verse 13, On that day on the Day of Judgement the hypocrite men and women
These are hypocrite meaning people who claim to believe but in their hearts, they're not believers.
the hypocrite men and women will say to those who believed, will say to the elite of the elite. Please allow us to absorb some of your light.
In other words, we need energy. We need food. We're hungry. Give us some of your food, some energy, some light.
It will be said, Go back behind you, and seek light. A barrier will be set up between them, whose gate separates mercy on the inner side, from retribution on the outer side.
[57:14] They will call upon them, Were we not with you? Remember that day in Oracle, we were all sitting in the same meeting hall.
Were we not with you?
And They will answer, Yes You were with us. but you cheated your souls, hesitated, doubted, and became misled by wishful thinking,
until GOD's judgment came. You were diverted from GOD by illusions.
So, you don't... just by being here doesn't mean you're gonna make it to the elite of the elite.
God does not want wishy-washies or doubtful people. God wants solid believers. I know them and you know them. But
They're people that are not very much and I want them all to be the elite of the elite. I want you all to be the elite of the elite.
And I want to end this preach with a happy note that in this hall here exist the most important people on Earth.
And the most important people in the Hereafter for eternity, the elite of the elite and I congratulate you from my heart.
Congratulations! Are there any questions or discussions? Can we give it 10 minutes Ismail?
Ismail: Yeah.
We have 10 minutes. If there are any objections, complaints. Anything unclear. Cecilia.
Cecilia: Salãmun ‘Alaykum everyone. I will start. Yesterday... yesterday Mohammad came in and he said that he saw his son going down this direction and we know to pray this way and I told him I was not sure of his... you know we pray this way. I asked him to see that.
The messenger: Ok. Let me save time. Let me save time.
Cecilia: and then today this morning, the same subject came up.
The messenger: Yeah. Let me save time. I'll tell you what the deal is. You can fly this way and go to Mecca. You can also fly this way
and go to Mecca. So, both directions are correct. I'm aware that this is west. But especially, here on the west coast
we can go this way. It's perfectly alright. However, if you go that way, you face the kitchen and the noise. You face this way, you're facing
the stage. So, it's OK. Don't worry.
(2:115) فَأَيْنَمَا تُوَلُّوا۟ فَثَمَّ وَجْهُ ٱللَّهِ
God says. Wherever you pray
Wherever you pray, there is the presence of God.
Other issue?
Edip: Rashad
The messenger: Edip
Edip: It's not a question
The messenger: Am I gonna marry you here or over there? That's my question.
Edip: Here but the ceremony will be there.
The messenger: OK. We're gonna have the wedding ceremony here and the reception in the... what's name of the place?
recreation hall
Where's the bride? Where's the bride?
Outside.
Rashad, she went back to the house
The conference chairman is go...