Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
Praise be to God
and we bear witness that there is only one God.
I want to start my Khutba,
this time with the beautiful quotation from the Bible,
from Luke 12: 29-31.
It is, of course, a Quranic idea. The author is One and the same.
And this is expressed beautifully in English.
Starting at 29, it says it is not for you to be in search of what you are to eat or drink.
Stop worrying.
The unbelievers of this world are always running after these things.
God knows that you need such things.
Seek out, instead, His kingship over you.
and the rest will follow, in turn.
So all you need to do is seek God's kingship over you and everything else you need, follows,
the food, the provisions, the clothing, the health.
Everything else follows.
So, what does this mean? What does seeking God's kingship mean?
It means that you give priority to God's commandments.
You give priority to the 5 contact prayers.
You wake up in the morning and you say my duty today is to do the 5 contact prayers.
That you... the Friday prayer is a commandment from God. There is a commandment in Sura 60, verse 9
that you must go to the Friday prayer. You give this priority.
You arrange your life and your job and your circumstances
so you will do the 5 daily prayers and the Friday prayer.
And of course, you people here are the least people who need this.
Some people out there are the ones who need this kind of reminder.
You put on the list of your priorities, the Quranic study.
There's a Quranic study, every Friday night, going on here, where we study the word of God
and you have to work your circumstances.
You cannot be somewhere in Tucson and there's a Quranic study going on somewhere in the mosque.
Otherwise, you don't really care.
You're not seeking God's kingship over you,
to be sitting within, say 50 miles,
and there's a Quranic study going on.
What does it mean to seek God's kingship over you and everything else follows, the provisions, the health, the happiness?
You give priority to the activities of the believers.
You remember the verse in Sura 18 that says force yourself to be with those who worship God Alone.
Because it takes some effort and some work. It's not easy.
But this is what is good for you, as you will see in the second KHUTBAH, Insha Allah.
It means that
you make a point of giving out the ZAKAT charity
as commanded by God.
This is how you seek God's kingship over you
one day in the year, whatever, January first, December 31st, the first day of Ramadan, any day you set for yourself,
one day in the year, you calculate exactly how much you are worth
and you give out 2.5% to people that you know personally,
people who need your charity.
And the Quran gives the exact order:
your parents, first. If they don't need it, then your relatives
your cousins, your brothers, sisters.
I mean your genetic brothers and sisters.
And if all your relatives are rich, they don't need it, then you go to the orphans,
children who have no support
one of the parents is missing somehow
and after that, the traveling stranger.
Somebody stranded from Mexico or Nicaragua or whatever and passes by your house
or you know personally
people who immigrated from Thailand or Vietnam and they're living in a house in a terrible conditions and you know them.
Then, they come next.
So, there is a specific sequence or order to give out this charity.
You give priority to Hajj eventually
not now. I wouldn't advise you to do it now.
The Quran makes it conditional.
Someday all of us, IN SHAA ALLAH, we'll go. We're gonna charter a plane when we'll go, all of us, we'll make Hajj.
And we'll go in as will be great victory because the land over there will be worshiping God alone.
This is God's promise to us and therefore, I can talk about it in this way.
So eventually, you'll have to observe Hajj.
You seek God's kingship over you,
and everything else follows by observing the prohibitions that God gave you.
You don't drink. You don't gamble. You don't eat pork.
You don't lie. You don't cheat.
You don't violate your promises.
You must be a person of your word.
You must be an example of a person of God,
one, a member in God's kingdom.
Anything else in your life must take place number two.
You give priority to these activities, the commands of God
and this way you seek God's kingship over you
and this way you attain all other goals:
money, health, wealth, happiness, etc., etc.
Tooboo Ela Allah. Repent.
Alhamdu Lillah, Wa Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah.
By studying the Quran continuously, we have discovered the secret of happiness.
The secret of happiness is a developed, nourished and grown soul,
the real you, the real person, not this body.
This is the secret of happiness.
And we came to this conclusion by studying people who obtained everything.
They got everything that the human beings go after:
money, fame, good looks, sports cars, whatever.
And I have used the example of Eddie Murphy,
a movie star when he was interviewed by Barbara Walters.
He's got millions of dollars. He's got palaces in California, exclusive places and in New Jersey,
the five luxurious cars,
all the girls, all the money, all the fame that he wants.
And he told Barbara Walters he was not happy.
So, what is the secret of happiness?
Aren't these the things that people are going after
money and fame and wealth and whatever?
And he is not happy.
So, the secret of happiness is that he must develop his soul.
And the soul can be developed by worshiping God alone.
Now, in this KHUTBA, I want to talk about God's name: AL-RAZAQ, the Provider.
The Provider.
God is the exclusive Provider.
He is the One who decides how much money you're going to make, or you made from birth to death.
And I want to shed a whole new light on this word the Provider
because God provides for the body and for the soul.
Therefore, the contact prayers that you do five times a day are a provision from God.
The duties that I talked about in the first KHUTBA, they're actually a gift from God.
And we see this... there's a lot of evidence in the Quran for this.
For example, in Sura 7, verse 43,
we see that the people in Heaven
pray and say Alhamdu Lillah, Praise be to God who guided us to this.
We could not, we could never be guided without God's blessing and guiding us.
In other words, it was not their doing.
It is God's blessing and God's gift to them that guided them.
In sura 10, verse 9,
we see a very clear principle
saying that God guides the people because of their faith or their belief.
In other words, when you decide to worship God alone, then God provides for your soul
and God provides the five contact prayers for your soul
and the fasting of the month of Ramadan for your soul.
I mean, you think that you're gonna do the five contact prayers,
but really it's a gift from God. You cannot do it without God's guidance.
Sura 9 verse 10. Sura 10, verse 9, excuse me.
In sura 49, verse 17,
another clear evidence for this.
The verse says they act as if they are doing you a favor by embracing Islam or by practicing Islam
instead, God is the one who blessed them by guiding them to Islam.
So, when we worship God alone, when we do the five daily prayers, when we fast the month of Ramadan,
when we join the Quranic study and even the picnics of the Muslim group,
we are not doing God a favor.
It is God's provisions to our souls.
In sura 14, verse 40, we see Abraham praying
and what is he saying?
He says, please God make me an observer of the Contact Prayers
because it's a gift from God.
and also my children he said.
He said please God make me an observer of the Contact Prayers.
رَبِّ ٱجْعَلْنِى مُقِيمَ ٱلصَّلَوٰةِ (14:40)
in Arabic.
He didn't say, please, God give me a million dollars.
So, observing the five Contact Prayers is a privilege, and a gift and a blessing.
It is not a hardship. It is not work.
You get up for the morning prayer, before sunrise,
not because you want to do this, or because you're doing such a great effort, you know, for God's sake.
It's because God blessed you and enabled you
to get up before sunrise to feed your soul,
this very important meal, the morning prayer.
Abraham said  رَبِّ ٱجْعَلْنِى مُقِيمَ ٱلصَّلَوٰةِ My Lord, make me one who observes the Contact Prayers,
and also my children.
People in Satan's kingdom are provided with sins.
We see this in Sura 24, verse 21.
When Satan collects people in his kingdom,
he pushes them to go to the bar and lie and cheat,
and drink and do not feed your soul.
This is what sins are: not feeding the soul, depriving the soul, poverty of the soul.
On the other hand, in Sura 7, verse 28,
we see the principle that God does not advocate vice.
So, it's the exact opposite of what Satan does.
And this is why I want to remind you again that God never ordered Abraham to slaughter his son
because this is a terrible vice, of course.
And this is why we never, never find it in the Quran that Abraham ordered Abraham to sacrifice his son.
That wouldn't make sense and it does not... this law that God does not advocate sins would be violated.
People in Satan's kingdom, because of their idol worship,
they may observe the five Contact Prayers, but they do not make contact.
They dial the wrong number.
They dial Satan's number because they mention other names with God.
And this is a trick of Satan.
And this is why we find in the Quran such statements as woe to those who observe the Salat prayers.
وَيْلٌ لِلْمُصَلِّينَ (107:4)
Because, now they are really doing an effort,
but it's all in vain. As we see in Sura 39, it is all in vain.
Once there is a name mentioned with God in the prayer, it violates the commandment in Sura 72, verse 18.
Once another name is mentioned, the whole effort is in vain.
And we are blessed here.
See, we're gonna stand up, we're gonna pray to God,
we're gonna establish contact with God,
and there will be no name.
From the moment we say, Allahu Akbar to open the prayer to the end,
there'll be no name but the name of God.
And you can see the difference.
Aqem Al-Salat.
Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar La Elaha Ella Allah
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem (1:1)
Al hamdu Lillahi Rabbil ‘Alameen (1:2)
Arrahman Arraheem (1:3)
Maliki Yawm Eddeen (1:4)
Eyyaka Na’abudu Wa Eyyaka Nasta’aeen (1:5)
Ehdina Al-Serata Al-Mustaqeem (1:6)
Serata Al-Lazeena An’amta ‘Alayhim Ghayri Al-Maghdoobi ‘Alayhim Wa Laddaalleen (1:7)
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-‘Azeem x 3
Sami’a Allahu Leman Hamidah
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar
Subhaana Rabbiya Al-A‘alaa x 3
Allahu Akbar
Ash-hadu Alla Elaha Ella Allah, Wahdahu La Shareeka Lah
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
Al-Salaamu ‘Alaykum
This is why it is appropriate to say Congratulations at the end of the prayer
because we just received a gift from God,
the equivalent of a hundred million dollars in your account.
Congratulations.