Dr. Khalifa: أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Dr. Khalifa: We seek refuge in God from Satan.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, we did. Aha.
Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
Tonight, Friday the 19th, 1409.
Dr. Khalifa: And we're starting at where?
A woman: Chapter 71, page 570.
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, Sura 71.
From the beginning of Sura 71.
And our teacher tonight is Apamea Bashar.
Dr. Khalifa: So, we're going to put all the microphones by her to make her nervous.
Apamea: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: And wish her, wish her luck.
Apamea: IN SHAA ALLAH.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Apamea: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
أعوذ بِٱللَّهِ مِنَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ ٱلرَّجِيمِ
Sura 71, Noah.
[71:1] We sent Noah to his people: "You shall warn your people before a painful retribution afflicts them."
[71:2] He said, "O my people, I am a manifest warner to you.
[71:3] "To alert you that you shall worship GOD, reverence Him, and obey me.
[71:4] "He will then forgive you your sins and respite you for a predetermined period. Most assuredly, GOD's appointment can never be delayed, once it is due, if you only knew."
[71:5] He said, "My Lord, I have invited my people night and day.
[71:6] "But my invitation only increased their aversion.
[71:7] "Whenever I invited them to be forgiven by You, they placed their fingers in their ears, covered themselves with their clothes, insisted, and turned arrogant.
[71:8] "Then I invited them publicly.
[71:9] "Then I proclaimed to them loudly, and I spoke to them privately.
[71:10] "I said, 'Implore your Lord for forgiveness; He is Forgiving.
Apamea: Should I go ahead read the whole thing?
Dr. Khalifa: You're the boss.
Apamea: Ok.
[71:11] "'He will then shower you generously with rain.
[71:12] "'And provide you with money and children, and orchards, and streams.'"
[71:13] Why should you not strive to reverence GOD?
[71:14] He is the One who created you in stages.
[71:15] Do you not realize that GOD created seven universes in layers?
[71:16] He designed the moon therein to be a light, and placed the sun to be a lamp.
[71:17] And GOD germinated you from the earth like plants.
[71:18] Then He returns you into it, and He will surely bring you out.
[71:19] GOD made the earth habitable for you.
[71:20] That you may build roads therein.
[71:21] Noah said, "My Lord, they disobeyed me, and followed those who were even more corrupted when blessed with money and children.
[71:22] "They schemed terrible schemes.
[71:23] "They said, 'Do not abandon your gods. Do not abandon Wadd, Suwaa', Yaghouth, Ya'ooq, and Nasr.'
[71:24] "They misled many. Therefore, let the wicked plunge deeper into loss."
[71:25] Because of their sins they were drowned and assigned to the hellfire. They found no helpers to protect them from GOD.
[71:26] Noah also said, "My Lord, do not leave a single disbeliever on earth.
[71:27] "For if you let them, they will only mislead your servants and give birth to nothing but wicked disbelievers.
[71:28] "My Lord, forgive me and my parents, and anyone who enters my home as a believer, and all the believing men and women. But do not give the disbelievers anything but annihilation."
Dr. Khalifa: Mã Shã Allãh.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Hamid.
Apamea: I, I think that this Sura is very clear.
It, basically, really reminds us what's truly important and what God has given us and what God has provided for us.
And a true example of the past, and an entire chapter dedicated to Noah
who lived 950 years, which we're told in one of the chapters.
And it's the longest that, that any of the messenger lived.
And he was the messenger who came after Adam.
And he was with the people for a long period of time.
And he was chosen by God to clearly give the message for a long time to the people.
And he implored the people so much and tried to teach them and preach to them what's really important.
And to basically open their eyes and tell them that this is what God has provided you.
And he gives them examples from what's around them, everything that they see, Ok.
For instance, what stares at them during the day, which is the sun.
And God has created that, like, as a lamp.
And the moon at night, especially when it's full, like last night or whatever, and you cannot miss it, the beauty of it, the light of it.
It just brightens everything.
You, I woke up in the middle of the night, last night. I just saw it and it was just through the curtain, my (unintelligible) was just real bright.
So here, these creations are placed and, you know, around us.
And how blind these people are not to notice that and not to realize it, not to even think about it.
Like Abraham did and he looked at the sun and the moon and thought "oh, that was God."
"No." The sun went down and now the moon is up. "That must be God."
"No." You know, so on and so forth.
He seeked and he found because he wanted to find God and God helped him.
Now, these people are so blind and deaf and they basically just refused any invitation
from Noah and any teachings that he was trying to give to them.
And he was telling them "hey, God is Merciful. He will forgive your sins. All you need to do is repent and ask guidance from Him."
And people basically just closed their ears and just covered themselves that they didn't wanna hear it.
However much he insisted, publicly, privately, he did his best and he loudly told them and he quietly told them.
However, he mentioned the message, they wouldn't accept.
And this reminds me of a Khutba that we had by Dr. Khalifa and he was giving us the example
in regards to this, the same message that when you see someone going towards a cliff, for instance
and you know that the cliff is present there and the person is gonna fall off of it
and hurt themselves badly or die or whatever, but that person is not aware.
First, you inform them when that person is with you like miles and miles away when we can't even see that cliff.
You tell them "hey, listen, so many miles away there is a cliff there. Watch out for it."
OK. Then, you just observe the person going that direction.
The closer they're getting, it's just because you care about that person. You don't want them to fall off.
And then, the closer they're getting, you shout louder and louder and then you just wanna run to them and hold them from falling off.
This is clearly what I remember from Khutba and this is what I get, this message
from this Sura that here is this man trying to shake these people.
First, he gives them the message and he basically tries to do his best, you know, to carry on the message
and relay it, but these people are just deaf and blind.
And he tells them that God has created you in stages and He has, this is the most beautiful part. Aya 17, it says
[71:17] And GOD germinated you from the earth like plants.
And this is what I find about the Quran. It's a book of laws.
It's a book... it teaches us about so many things, about the past, the future, the present.
And it also has poetry in it and this, this is what really touched me. Also, Aya 16 which is
[71:16] He designed the moon therein to be a light, and placed the sun to be a lamp.
[71:17] And GOD germinated you from the earth like plants.
And this is so true because God created us from the, the pottery clay.
And here is a plant that you see every day.
If you have a plant and take care of it and water it, you see how it germinates and how it just basically comes up.
And new leaves that you see, it's bright, you know, green and then it turns dark green and it gets bigger.
And this is how we are. We were a baby.
And we grow up and all these beautiful children that we have here. These are all signs from God.
And again, people are blind to see all these beautiful things.
And God has created this earth and it's, He has made it habitable for us.
And these roads and we see new highways, highways coming, new freeways and
wonderful roads that we have all these buildings on and on and on and on.
And these are everything that have, we have been blessed with by God.
And He clearly says,
[71:3] ... obey me.
and follow me. Obey God and follow this message and you will be taken care of.
You will have a wonderful life, you know.
God will shower you generously with rain. What is rain? It's a sign of bounty.
Rain comes and, you know, all the plants grow and we have food.
And the money that's provided and the children that we'll have, IN SHAA ALLAH, and orchards and streams, all of these are beautiful.
We sit by a stream and we enjoy the beauty of it by the greenery or whatever, anywhere in the nature.
So, why shouldn't you, as Aya 13 says,
[71:13] Why should you not strive to reverence GOD?
Why shouldn't you? These are all these wonderful things that God is promising you.
And these are all the facts that I'm telling you about, the moon and the sun and, you know, how you germinate like plants
and how you are created in stages within the womb and outside as we grow into adulthood.
Why not do it? And again, people wouldn't listen.
So finally, he gets so frustrated and he just turns to God and says in Aya 21,
[71:21] ..."My Lord, they disobeyed me, and followed those who were even more corrupted when blessed with money and children.
Here we go, money and children.
We see many examples of this in this society, any society.
You think that's the only thing that's important.
Then, you have children and they become the center of your life.
And you strive so hard for them.
You don't have any rest at all sometimes because you're so working night and day for your children and to money and the greed.
And you just basically may forget about God.
God willing, we'll always stay on the path that we want.
So, he says, God, if these people go on without any retribution, they're gonna keep on being corrupted with money and children.
And they will have terrible schemes, as it says in Aya 22.
And they didn't wanna abandon their gods. They didn't wanna let go of their own idols.
And God...And in the Sura...in Aya 23 it says,
[71:23] ... Do not abandon Wadd, ...
Apamea: and I, I think, I don't know what those things are, but I think they are idols or something. What are those Wadd and Suwaa'?
Dr. Khalifa: The names of their idols.
Edip: (unintelligible)
Apamea: And people were just trying to mislead each other and preach to each other and
teach to each other and trying to tell each other that "hey, don't let go of these idols. These are the ones that are important to you."
And again, as it says in 24,
[71:24] "They misled many. Therefore, let the wicked plunge deeper into loss."
They'll just go deeper and deeper into what's worse for them, the worst things that could happen to them.
And they will always stay in their sin.
So, what's waiting for them is the hellfire.
And there will be no helpers at all to protect them from God.
Because God's wrath is great and God's promise is great.
His bounties are fantastic and He tells us, hey, either go the right of, the way of righteousness
or you go the way of sinfulness and being a disbeliever and idol-worshiping.
And you will deserve hellfire.
And so, Noah turns to God and says,
[71:26] ...."My Lord, do not leave a single disbeliever on earth.
He really did his best to try to preach to these people and let them know about this good information.
And what will happen, well, if these people stay on,
[71:27] "....they will only mislead your servants and give birth to nothing but wicked disbelievers.
And we are told at the mosque here how the children are assigned to particular parents
and how parents are responsible to teach
the good word, you know, what they know about God to their children and pass on the information.
And to let them, to always remind them of their Prayers, that they have to do their Prayers on time and read the Quran.
But in a family that there are with disbeliever parents, what do you expect from these parents?
They're not gonna sit there and talk about God in front of the children. Obviously, the children are not gonna be informed at all.
And so, what's gonna happen, these idol worshippers, these, these disbelievers will mislead
the servants of God possibly and give birth to nothing but wicked disbelievers.
And the chain will just go on and on and on.
And so, he asks forgiveness for himself and his parents and other people who have come to
to, who have come to his home and try to accept, you know, they accepted the word. And
[71:28] ... the believing men and women. ...
And Noah says in Aya 28,
[71:28] "...But do not give the disbelievers anything but annihilation."
Basically, just puts it straight.
Annihilation will be awaiting them.
And as we know, the flood came.
Even his wife and son were the disbelievers there among the crowd.
And as we learned in the other chapters that God told him, make the ark and you'll have a pair of the animals.
And the believers all went with him and they were saved.
And that was God's promise to all these believers.
And so, he told his son, come on with us.
And his son thought that he could be safe on top of whatever it was, top of a some, someplace high.
And he thought that he could be safe from this flood.
But the, the flood came and destroyed everything.
And Noah and the believers were all saved.
So, this, I, I think that this Sura was very self-explanatory, very direct, poetic in some areas.
And basically, put us in touch with our creation.
Apamea: And, you know, how hard this messenger was truly, truly working to inform the people of the good message.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Poopak.
Poopak: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) Apamea: (unintelligible) comments.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Any questions on Sura 71?
Okay, I have a couple of comments, as usual.
A woman: (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Are you concerned about these fellows?
A woman: It reminds me of the (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, (unintelligible)
A woman: It says, those
[71:28] ... who enters my home as a believer, ...
A woman: So, if they entered his home as a believer, we don't know what we don't know.
A woman: Then, maybe... Dr. Khalifa: It means "join." It means "join."
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) 950, his parents for 1,000.
Edip: They lived...
Dr. Khalifa: They're pretty old. They're over 40.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, well, I think every one of you is a Noah.
You've all gone through this experience.
And what, what we learn from this Sura is that the human being is a human being is a human being.
From the very first day, from the time of Adam, the human beings have been the same.
Each one of you have gone through the same experiences that Noah went through.
Now, Martha, you can be as young as Naghmeh, and you can go through a lot of the same things that Noah went through.
Naghmeh is not 1,000 yet, but or even 700 years.
But she went through it. She was telling me about this law school student and how she...
He's only one of many that she talked to, I know that.
And their reaction... she told them about a, a message from God that's mathematically coded, superhuman, definitely from God,
tells us exactly how to be saved.
And then, he says "oh, this is good for you, but for me, I would like to see this and that."
"You need this."
So, his response was the, the same response that Noah got.
And you notice in verse 7, he's saying,
[71:7] "Whenever I invited them to be forgiven by You,...
For heaven's sake, you're inviting the people to be forgiven.
You're inviting them to be perfectly happy in this life and forever.
You're not asking them for money, but they, they are... oh, I got this here for you.
I cleaned this two days ago.
This is the live picture outside the mosque.
Dr. Khalifa: And there are here now about 76 bugs.
A woman: 76.
Dr. Khalifa: Some of them are pretty big, you know. You don't know how they got in there.
They worked so hard to go in there and burn in Hell.
This is what the people are doing.
They work so hard to avoid Heaven and to go to Hell. They pay whatever price it takes to go to Hell.
And they work very hard for it.
So, this is... God gave us this as an example.
It's very difficult. On your way out, just look at it and see how they,
how they got in there. They had to work very hard to burn and go to Hell.
And this is what the people are doing, since the time of Noah.
Now, Noah was the most probably the first... well, he was the first prophet and probably the first messenger after Adam.
All the people on earth were living around what is the Dead Sea is now.
The Dead Sea is the remnant of the Noah's flood.
So, this gives an idea how primitive, how early in history this was.
And the human being was exactly the same.
Another thing, the message, another lesson we learn is that the message has been almost one and the same.
You see it here in verse 3.
Worship God alone.
[71:3] ... reverence Him, and obey ...
[71:3] ... obey me.
So, this is the message that every single messenger said "Worship God alone", "Worship God alone", from day, from day one
to the end of the world.
This is the only message that God is sending to us in order to be redeemed.
In order to make up for our crimes we committed billions of years ago.
So, this is the other lesson. But the message is one and the same from that time.
And then, there is a scientific miracle that Apamea didn't emphasize enough, or maybe didn't, didn't notice.
In 16, God says,
[71:16] He designed the moon as a light, and the sun as a lamp.
There's a difference.
A lamp is a source of light.
But if I have a mirror here, and you, and the mirror reflects this light, the mirror will give light.
I can send light to that dark room over there, but the mirror will not be a source of light.
Dr. Khalifa: So, it's very clear in verse
Apamea: 16.
Dr. Khalifa: 16
where God is telling us, and this is consistent throughout the Quran, that the sun is a source and the moon is reflective.
The material of the moon is very special.
This grayish material is very reflective. And this is what Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin said when they landed on the moon.
They held it in their hands, in their gloves, excuse me, and they said "it's quite reflective."
It's a strange material, but God made it that way. God designed it so Apamea can see it through her curtain.
And it, it's amazing how much light comes and is reflected by the moon.
What else?
There's another significant matter is in 25.
We learn a very good lesson here. 25 says,
[71:25] Because of their sins they were drowned and assigned to the hellfire. They found no helpers to protect them from GOD.
Now, the Arabic, I wish I could have translated it better. I like this translation.
It's better than the first one, to me.
But I wish it was better, because the verse implies that they knew, which is true.
People know at the time of death, if they're going to Heaven or Hell.
They know, and then after that it is either a, a nightmare, continuous nightmare, from which there is no awakening.
In fact, the awakening is worse, because they wake up to the real Hell.
Or, it's a beautiful dream, depending on how they redeem themselves or not.
So, verse 25 teaches us that the people know at the time of death. And this is... throughout the Quran, we learn that.
The angels tell the person, the angels, the angel of death tells the person whether
he or she is heading for Heaven or Hell at the time of death, so they'll know.
Dr. Khalifa: Are there any questions on this Sura?
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: Do we have any information on what language is throughout the new and old Testaments?
Dr. Khalifa: Most probably Aramaic.
Aramaic is the oldest scriptural language, and it is, it's a different language even now.
I have a tape here that teaches Aramaic, and it's very close to the Arabic.
It's the same alphabet, the same order as Arabic, and the, the words that we use here in this mosque, a lot of them are Aramaic.
For example, the name of God, Allah.
That was the name in Aramaic. This is the name that all the prophets, the messengers, this is a very good question,
so pay attention.
All the prophets used the same name for God, Allah.
Noah, Job, Abraham, Moses, Jesus.
The tape I have specifically is about the language of Jesus, and I have a book that (unintelligible), and, and God's name was Allah.
This is what all the prophets and messengers used for the name of God, from Adam until the end of the world.
The Prayer was Salat.
In Noah's language, in Adam's language, in Abraham's language, in Jesus' language, in our language, there are many things in common.
And I have a book here, if you want to see it later, or hear the tape, I do left it here.
(unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, most probably the language is Aramaic.
A man: Salat (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, not necessarily. A man: Not necessarily.
Dr. Khalifa: Not necessarily.
In fact, this is another good question, because you do not see the order to observe Salat before Abraham.
You notice here, Noah did not say "I want you to observe the Salat Prayer and the Zakat charity", like Abraham.
You see it only for Abraham and, and (unintelligible).
You don't see it before Abraham at all.
You notice here, verse 2,
[71:2] He said, "O my people, I am a manifest warner to you.
[71:3] "To alert you that you shall worship GOD, reverence Him, and obey me.
[71:4] "He will then forgive you.... And so on.
So, throughout the Quran, Noah was always saying "just believe in God" because the people were so primitive
that believing in God would have, would have assured them enough growth to make it to Heaven.
Dr. Khalifa: But then, the duties in Islam came through Abraham, or the Jews, or Christians, and us.
Abdullah: Noah was one of the messengers or prophets?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, he's named in the Quran as a prophet.
Abdullah: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Scripture-based. Adam was a prophet
Dr. Khalifa: because he, he delivered the message, new message which was not in existence before.
A woman: So, because Noah delivered this new message, he's referred to as a prophet?
Dr. Khalifa: He had a new message. He had new, new information that the people didn't have before. He delivered it to them.
Dr. Khalifa: He's named in the Quran as a prophet.
A woman: So, Adam (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Well, you mean the words? Yes. Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Maybe, it was Al-Fãtehah. We don't know.
The word that we know couldn't mean Al-Fãtehah,
because the Ibrahim Al-Fãtehah is very close to what we read Al-Fãtehah now in sound and meaning.
What we're taught is that Adam was given words, so he would be redeemed. And I'm sure he passed on these words to his children,
and grandchildren, great grandchildren, great-great-great-grandchildren.
They're so many.
They had no bacterial viruses, those people. I mean, they had a clean world.
Dr. Khalifa: If there are no more questions, Professor Bashar will go on to 72.
Apamea: Bism Allah Arrahman Arraheem
[72:1] Say, "I was inspired that a group of jinns listened, then said, 'We have heard a wonderful Quran.*
[72:2] "'It guides to righteousness, and we have believed in it; we will never set up any idols besides our Lord.
[72:3] "'The Most High is our only Lord. He never had a mate, nor a son.
[72:4] "'It is the foolish among us who used to utter such nonsense about GOD.
[72:5] "'We thought that neither the humans, nor the jinns, could possibly utter lies about GOD.
[72:6] "'Human beings used to seek power through jinn beings, but they only afflicted them with a lot of adversity.
[72:7] "'They thought, just like you thought, that GOD would not send another (messenger).
[72:8] "'We touched the heaven and found it filled with formidable guards and projectiles.
[72:9] "'We used to sit there in order to spy. Anyone who listens is pursued by a powerful projectile.
[72:10] "'We have no idea if something bad is intended for the inhabitants of Earth, or if their Lord wills to redeem them.
[72:11] "'Some of us are righteous, and some are less than righteous; we follow various paths.
[72:12] "'We knew full well that we can never run away from GOD on earth; we can never run away and escape.
[72:13] "'When we heard the guidance, we believed therein. Anyone who believes in his Lord will never fear any injustice, nor any affliction.
[72:14] "'Among us are the submitters, and among us are the compromisers.'" As for those who submitted, they are on the right path.
[72:15] As for the compromisers, they will be fuel for Gehenna.
[72:16] If they remain on the right path, we will bless them with abundant water.
[72:17] We will surely test them all. As for him who disregards the message of his Lord, He will direct him to ever increasing retribution.
[72:18] The places of worship belong to GOD; you shall not mention besides GOD any other name.
I'll stop here.
These jinns... this is also mentioned in some other places in the Quran where these jinn are saying,
we heard this wonderful Quran, and to me, I think, I, I think that these jinn are the jinns from the,
the people who were Muslims, who were believers, and who were converted to Muslims.
You know, these jinns were converted to Muslims, Islam.
And here they are talking about how they heard this wonderful Quran and about its guidance to righteousness.
And they're basically talking about everything that, for instance, a messenger would tell us, you know,
how God doesn't have a mate nor a son, and how foolish our people are to utter such nonsense about God.
Here, this chapter, this Sura is very important because we have the messenger of God here with us.
And "Rashada" is mentioned here, as we see it in the footnote in the second page, four times in this Sura.
And it's then in Aya 2, which is righteousness, the, the word righteousness.
Also, Aya 14, on, on second page, which at the end it says,
[72:14] ... right path.
And Aya 21, which we'll cover later, at the end
[72:21] ... guide you."
And Aya 24, is it? No, wait a minute.
Edip: 10. Apamea: 20.
Edip: 10.
Apamea: 10?
Oh, yeah.
[72:10] ... redeem ...
So, the root "Rashada" is mentioned here 4 times.
And here, anyhow, these are these jinns talking about God and saying how ignorant some of these human beings were.
They, they gave power to jinns and tried to go to them and get some strength.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) the correction. Yeah. it needs correction the (unintelligible). There are 2 mathematical codes here.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Apamea: That's Ok.
To go back to... I, I'm jumping around here. To go back to Aya 3, it says,
[72:3] "'.... He never had a mate, nor a son.
[72:3] "'The Most High is our only Lord. He never had a mate, nor a son.
This is so clear. In Iran, we were in the school, you know, we had the class of Deen, which was religion.
But we were only studying Islam.
And we were always taught that there's only one God and he has no children.
And to me, when I, and I didn't really know anything about Christianity when I was in Iran until when I was 13.
And then, I learned about it.
And to hear the fact that Christians have made Jesus, you know, so big and the son of God.
And you, if you ask them, you know, "you're referring to Jesus as the son of God."
And then, they go on talking about Christianity and all of a sudden they say "the Lord."
And I said "who's the Lord?" "Jesus Christ."
And I said "wait a minute, wait a minute.
"You were just telling me that you're saying 'Christ is the son of God.' And now, you're saying 'he's God.'
"He can either be the son or he can be God. You cannot be, you know, two things in one."
And they were saying "oh, that's different. But God and Jesus are different."
And you can't even compare this to a simple example of "hey, you can't be two people" and you know...
So, that was really outrageous to me. And to this day, I still have discussions with Christians who practice their faith.
And it just goes back to the same thing. "Hey, listen" and I say "God has no son, no mate, nothing," you know. And
it just goes back and forth and we never get anywhere. Because they just believe what they believe.
But here's a jinn. You know, the jinns are saying
[72:3] "'The Most High is our only Lord. He never had a mate, nor a son.
It makes me feel so good when I read about these jinns because, you know, these jinns are Muslims, you know. And I think...
And so many times at the, at the mosque here, we're taught that, IN SHAA ALLAH, we'll, we'll turn our jinn into a Muslim.
We're to, you know, our worth of righteousness.
So, that's the point for the Christians, the Aya 3.
And again, how these foolish people utter nonsense about God.
And how they go to the jinns and they want strength from them.
And, you know, to seek power from the jinns reminds me of devil worshipers.
I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but I think of it like witch power, you know.
All that stuff that people do when you see on TV, all these talk shows. They concentrate on it so much for a couple of months.
And it makes you aware of what's really going on. Someone that you may be dealing with every day.
You don't know what their practices are. And this person from Pima College, you know, the, the, the director.
And here they are showing on TV now, you know, that she practices devil worshiping and this and that.
So, they're trying to get power from the jinns,
or getting strength from Satan. But it's all nonsense.
And every time people think that there's never gonna be another messenger.
And they don't appreciate the messenger until the messenger is gone.
Like when you don't appreciate
a talented actor, you know, or singer or something until they're gone. And then, you just basically make them so big
after they (unintelligible).
And this is really like that. Who was, who was it, after Joseph? Well, no. Who was it after some messenger
Apamea: that they thought that there was gonna be no other messengers.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah, Joseph.
Apamea: Yeah.
But that is not true. And we see it continuously, messenger after messenger, prophet after prophet.
So, these jinns are trying to go towards heaven and peek in and see what's going on there.
And there are guards there and projectiles.
And they try to listen and boom, there's a projectile coming to them.
And they basically cannot get in and it's just impossible.
But you know, this, this makes me wonder. It says on Aya 9,
[72:9] "'We used to sit there in order to spy. Anyone who listens is pursued by a powerful projectile.
But these people, these jinns are talking about how they enjoyed this wonderful Quran,
how foolish among us were the ones who used to utter nonsense about God,
and the ones that go to jinns to seek power.
And here they're saying
[72:9] "'We used to sit there in order to spy. ...
Apamea: They're still not allowed even though they accept it.
Dr. Khalifa: They, they're talking about the bad ones who tell us about their power, what powers they have,
Apamea: They have... Dr. Khalifa: what are the characteristics. And "used to" is in the past.
Apamea: Oh. Dr. Khalifa: [72:9] "'We used to ...
Apamea: [72:9] "'We used to ...
Apamea: Before they...
Dr. Khalifa: This means they can travel billions of light years.
[72:9] ... to spy. ...
means to get some information. For example,
we went through a period of a year and a half or two years where we could not send any rockets into space.
The limit was 74 seconds. In Europe, in Japan, United States, we went through that period. Something mysterious. They hit something.
74 seconds. Including the shuttle. The space shuttle. 74, actually 76 seconds.
And this is... the jinn will see that, see what happened. I mean, something obviously came close to the Earth
during that time and prevented any of our rockets from penetrating.
Now, the jinns could see that. So, this is what spying means.
They get some advance information. They see something happening out there.
Dr. Khalifa: I, I'll come back to this. Now, that's been more...
Apamea: There's so much information in this Sura.
Dr. Khalifa: There's a lot of information here. When you finish this Apamea: It's just incredible.
Dr. Khalifa: section, l will go back to the beginning. Apamea: Ok.
Dr. Khalifa: This is a lot of fun. We're gonna have a lot of fun with this Sura, IN SHAA ALLAH.
Apamea: It teaches us so much. Because my teacher taught me a lot today.
Apamea: And I just, I never realized all these, all these things. Dr. Khalifa: There's a lot.
Apamea: Ok. Aya 10,
[72:10] "'We have no idea if something bad is intended for the inhabitants of Earth, or if their Lord wills to redeem them.
Of course, they have no information. They don't know anything.
And here they are mentioning us, the Earth, the inhabitants of Earth.
And what God's plan is for us. They don't know. We don't know.
And later on, we know, we, we learn that not even Muhammad knows what's gonna happen to us.
All they do is give us the message and tell us what's awaiting us.
But they don't know what's gonna happen to each one of us, particularly.
And the jinn, jinns say,
[72:11] "'Some of us are righteous, and some ...
of us
[72:11] ... are less than righteous; ...
and
[72:11] ... follow various paths.
I don't know, I kind of find this interesting how you sort of perceive jinns as bad guys.
And here are the bad guys that are turning good.
And the good group are saying,
[72:11] "'Some of us are righteous, and some are less than righteous; ...
Again, they're dividing again.
You know, it's just division within division to me.
And we're following various paths.
And they are so aware. They know that they can never run away from God on Earth or anywhere else.
You cannot get away from God. God is there. God is with you, everywhere you are.
Through goodness in life, through adversity in life, God is always with us.
And the angels that are assigned to us will always remain with us. And these jinns are very well aware of that.
[72:13] "'When we heard the guidance, ...
on Aya 13,
[72:13] ... we believed therein. Anyone who believes in his Lord will never fear any injustice, nor any affliction.
This is such a reassurance to me again and again, you know.
We have the guidance here and we believe in it.
And what a wonderful feeling it is. And I, I can feel what this, these jinns are saying, that, they're spirit, you know.
How wonderful they feel. You know, and they're so happy about what's, what's happened to them. And they are so sure about it.
And they're saying,
[72:13] ... Anyone who believes in his Lord will never fear any injustice, ...
So many times through life, recently for me for instance,
these few things may happen that are a few headaches. And I, as believers we think "okay, wait a minute. What did I do wrong?"
I've been, I've had this cold for two weeks, you know.
And I, I've taken a whole thing of penicillin or whatever. And it's still staying in my nose. And it's driving me wild, you know. I,
and I know what was the problem.
And as I let go of thinking so much about that particular problem, which is with my education.
Some problems happened with the committee and this and that. And I was so preoccupied with it. And I would cry about it.
And I was like "oh, my life is ruined now." And you think like "this is it. This is it."
Just because this process in my life has been delayed for a period of time, which is unknown to me,
"My life is ruined. My future is ruined. I will not have any career. I'll just, you know, be at the hospital doing what I'm doing."
And this injustice.
The lady drops out of my committee just like that. And that was an injustice to me, you know. And I, I was fearing that.
You know, I fell into it for a while. And my cold came on. And I was like "boom, you know, this is it. This is what's happened to me."
And two weeks later, three weeks later, I feel like I've let go of it. And I, and I feel like
"okay, whatever happens, happens. I'm not gonna worry about it."
And here, I'm trying to be a submitter again and saying that I will not fear any injustice nor any afflictions.
And God willing, things will clear away for me. And,
and for the believers, this is the chance that we have. This is the privilege, you know.
And we can... God's promise is always true. And He never fails us.
So, again, I can put my trust into this Aya here. And, again, it will give me strength. Thank God.
Aya 14,
[72:14] "'Among us are the submitters, and among us are the compromisers.'" As for those who submitted, they are on the right path.
This is, again, a factual type of a thing.
Staring at us here, we submit and you're on the right path. Compromising will not get us anywhere.
And, as it says in Aya 15,
[72:15] As for the compromisers, they will be fuel for Gehenna.
A person, they come, a lay person out on the street, if they come and read this book,
I mean, it just informs you about the past, present of what you're supposed to do, and what's gonna happen to your future.
And, thank God for me, it was very clear.
And the more I read it, the more it gives me guidance and strength to follow Islam, to follow God.
And it basically, tells us, here's a jinn telling the story of, you know,
some of us are true submitters and some of us are compromisers, but we know what becomes of compromisers.
They're gonna be fuel for Gehenna. I mean who wants to be....?
Apamea: Water gives life. Water gives life.
During the month of Ramadan, we were basically thirsty rather than hungry, and I, and I noticed that.
So water is, again, the source of life here. We will be tested, definitely. And we know that.
Throughout the chapters, we are, I mean, it's mentioned to us several times,
testing and even little quizzes as one of the brothers mentioned.
And if we disregard,
[72:17] .... As for him who disregards the message of his Lord, He will direct him to ever increasing retribution.
And that is so clear.
And who wants that retribution? I mean, if we have a bad day here, a headache, this and that, we think it's horrible.
And just to imagine that it's magnified so much for eternity, the retribution,
I don't know, or a nightmare.
You get up in the morning and you think about the nightmare that you have and the problems that you felt in your night.
And just imagine that you would be living in that nightmare for eternity. That's just incredible to me.
And I don't want to be there. And I don't know how some people are so deaf and blind, knowingly.
This...You put them, this in front of them and they don't believe in it. They don't, they think it's just a myth.
Or that they can't think that far. Like Naghmeh was telling about her friends.
They can't think that far as to Heaven and Hell.
And some Muslims call it, some people like in Iran, you know, they call themselves Muslims, but they said,
"oh, we don't believe in Heaven or Hell."
So, you don't know.
Yep.
But you tell them "this is the Quran." And they were raised with the Quran.
But then again, say "I don't know. I don't believe in that stuff. You know, this is the life. This is it. This is the real thing."
And they try to hold on to, to what they've got.
But even at the hospital, I see this every day.
You see a doctor and a patient there who was a doctor, and they're ill and
What happened to all that dignity? What happened to all that money?
Sometimes you don't see one single parent or family member there, one single friend.
They're just laying there without any food. They can't eat. Tubes are just, you know, all over the place. And what happened to their diet?
You know, it's not important. And I come home and I tell Naghmeh "your health is the most important thing."
You know, "being in Islam is so good." And we just,
and I, what I tell my patients every day is "thank God this, thank God that."
"If God wills, he'll get out," and the patient will get out today. And this and that.
And that, amazingly enough, that gives a lot of people a lot of strength. And sometimes I see tears coming down their eyes.
Because all of a sudden they're reminded of God again. And that's the whole story.
Just believe in God, and He'll promise all these wonderful things.
And you submit, and you're guided to right path. And hey, everything's gonna work out.
Your health is gonna be there. Your happiness is gonna be there. Even you're gonna have a wonderful family and children.
You're gonna have a wonderful job.
You're not gonna have any headaches. You're not gonna have any colds that will last for two or three weeks.
And you don't have to take any pills twice a day. And this is a promise to us.
And finally, Aya 18.
[72:18] The places of worship belong to GOD; you shall not mention beside GOD any other name.
This is very clear. Extremely clear.
As we mentioned to the Mohammedans, we know.
I've never been to their mosque, and I, I don't wanna claim that I have been. But this is what I've heard.
The name of Muhammad is mentioned beside God.
And you, if they claim that they read this Quran and they know it so well, they should look at this Aya. And this is a sign for us.
Sometimes when we encounter people who worship prophet Muhammad, we can just refer to this Aya.
[72:18] The places of worship belong to GOD; you shall not mention beside GOD any other name.
Apamea: And thank God that this is what we follow.
Dr. Khalifa: I'm gonna come back and, and explain a little more about this. It's really very clear and
This, the location of this Sura is here, this mosque.
I'm gonna talk to you about that. But before this, I see Amir is falling asleep.
Cause I'm gonna, he's joining the sleeping corner there. I'm gonna give him a quiz.
Because the subject I'm gonna talk about 10 more minutes. Last time, I didn't talk about it enough.
Amir asked me a question. I knew it was coming.
He said "what does it mean to keep your chastity?"
I knew it was coming. So, I answered him. I wonder if he remembers.
Dr. Khalifa: I have the quiz for you, Amir. What does keep your chastity mean?
Amir: (unintelligible)
Apamea: Half way there, he didn't even wanted to know. Dr. Khalifa: Well, listen.
Dr. Khalifa: Your dad doesn't know. I don't care. Your, your dad is old enough. I don't care if he knows or not. But I, I wonder if you know.
Sometimes the older people don't know, Amir. See, this is...
You know, Amir reminds me of the joke when...
This shows the generation gaps, how much more educated the new generations are.
This father, his son reads, is coming close to the age of maturity. So,
he puts his shoulder up, shoulder of his son and says "son, I think it is time now to talk about the facts of life."
And the boy said "okay dad, what do you wanna know?"
So, Amir is saying the same thing.
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, Amir, what is "keep your chastity?"
Amir: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I thought so.
Try to remember.
Dr. Khalifa: So, give me any idea. Do you have any idea about it?
A woman: Just ask what it means.
Dr. Khalifa: This is why I wanna talk about it for 10 more minutes.
Ok. I'm gonna repeat it and I'm gonna ask you again next week, okay?
So, you better remember.
Keep your chastity means you keep yourself for your wife.
The person that you wanna, we're gonna grow up someday and have a wife and children, right?
And you want that person to be very special.
So, you want to keep yourself for your wife.
You're not gonna have any relationship with any other girl
until you meet the girl that you're going to marry that is, that is your wife.
This is what keep your chastity means.
Because in this country, we live in a strange environment here.
As soon as the children hit 5, they start talking about boyfriends and girlfriends.
Now, they, they can do this, but they will pay a lot. It's too expensive for them.
Because when they do this, they're breaking God's law.
And they have to pay for it when they grow up. They have a miserable life with their spouses.
So, this means the boy keeps himself until, he doesn't go for all this dating business and boyfriend business and girlfriend business.
You have to resist that temptation. You're gonna be under a lot of temptation in the next years or so, even maybe now.
You have girls who like you at school?
Dr. Khalifa: No?
A woman: Lucky one.
Apamea: There are boys who like you?
Dr. Khalifa: Do you like any girls at school?
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. See, this is what I mean. A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: How often?
Dr. Khalifa: See, this is what I mean. You have to resist the temptation to reach for those girls and touch them.
See, because you want to keep yourself for the one that it will be, that will share your life forever.
And if you do this, which is very difficult, it's not easy.
You do this, God will guarantee you a perfect life.
Now, our girls also will have to keep, keep themselves for the, until they have the, the man that will be their husband.
See, I know Poopak is listening.
Don't be embarrassed. We all grow up and we get married.
But because we want you to be happy, you have to forget about the traditions of this country.
They pay a high price for this.
They call for the temptation, the boyfriend and the girlfriend and all this business.
And they think they're having fun, but then, they pay dearly for it.
When they grow up, they have to pay for all breaking God's law. Every time we break God's law, we have to pay for it.
So, if you want to be happy, and we want you to be happy, you must resist the temptations in this country.
And you must have your own... God's law rules your life.
Because, see, see verse 13 here says when... No, not 13.
Yes, 13.
[72:13] "'When we heard the guidance, we believed in it. Anyone who believes in his Lord will never fear any injustice, nor any affliction.
So, if you want a life that is, doesn't have any fear, no affliction, no misery, you must be very strong.
You must resist all temptation to fall for the things that happen around us here and in other places.
[72:13] "'When we heard the guidance, we believed therein ...
This is the guidance from God, and He's telling us, you must keep yourself for your spouse.
If you're a boy, you must keep yourself, you don't touch another girl until the person will, will be your wife forever.
And if you're a girl, you keep yourself untouched until the person that is, that will be your husband.
And then, we have a very happy life. You'll be proud of yourself.
If you fall for the temptation, you're gonna be ashamed of yourself for the rest of your life,
if you didn't keep yourself for the one that is, that married you.
So, this is what verse 13 means. And, and God is, wants you to learn this.
Last time, remember the commandment, you must keep your chastity. This is what it means.
It was verse 29 of the last Sura.
And now in verse 13, God is telling us,
[72:13] "'When we heard the guidance, we believed therein. ...
The guidance is, you don't follow the traditions of, of other than God's law.
You're gonna be in school. You're gonna hear about boyfriends and girlfriends, and they will come and invite you.
They will want to touch you and all these things.
But you must, you must tell them "I follow God's law and I cannot go along with these traditions. I have my own tradition."
And if you're strong, then you're guaranteed a perfectly happy life. And pass it on to all your, your Muslim friends.
If you wanted to really care for them, you want them to be happy, this is what you pass on to them. Okay?
These are the 10 minutes. I'm gonna ask Amir next, next week, maybe ask the two of you. So, you remember that.
No, no, no, no. I don't wanna scare you away. Don't worry.
I know you'll never forget because you want to be happy.
Okay, Sura 72 teaches us about the jinns.
And it has to do with our mosque here because of the following reasons.
You see, verse 4 tells us that these jinns were companions.
I want to correct something that Apamea may, may have missed, again.
is that remember, jinns are free companions of humans.
Our companions are not called jinns yet. They will be when we die and they are free, they become jinns.
So, the jinns that heard this Quran were passing by on 6th street and they decided to walk into Masjid Tucson.
And they heard the Quran.
And they are jinns who, who, who were companions of Christians,
believing that God had a, a mother, Mary, and, and a son, Jesus, and so on. Because verse 4 says,
[72:4] "'It is the foolish among us who used to utter such nonsense about GOD.
The nonsense is in verse 3.
[72:3] "'The Most High is our only Lord. He never had a mate, nor a son.
They are surprised.
They walked in here.
And they heard the Quran and they heard about the mathematical coding.
And they know it is the truth. And they believed.
And they, they now, they realized that this nonsense that God has a mate and a son is really nonsense.
Only the foolish will believe that.
So, this Sura has to do with us.
And...
[72:1] ... "I was inspired that a group of jinns listened, then said, 'We have heard a wonderful Quran.*
You can say here, "Say (O, Rashad),..." if you wanna be, if you wanna be accurate.
I can't afford to be subtle about it anymore.
The Quran did not exist during the prophet Muhammad's time.
Did you know that?
Therefore, this does not apply to that time.
The, the prophet lived until he was 40 without any Quran, not one letter.
And when he was 55, he had only about one third of the Quran.
Quran was still, was still being revealed until a few months, maybe weeks, before he died.
The Quran was not in the format that God intended for the world. It was written in the chronological sequence.
This Sura has the root name "Rashada" four times, more than any other Sura.
And if you add the gematrical value of Rashad Khalifa to the number of verses,
number of Sura, and number of verses, we have a multiple of 19.
Rashad (رشاد) is 505, Khalifa (خلیفه) is 725, the number of Sura is 72, and the number of verses is 28.
So, we have a lot of mathematical confirmation that this Sura is about us, for this mosque here.
That the jinns wandered in here, and they, they are here with us now,
listening. They are very regular as far as the Quranic studies are concerned.
I don't wanna spook out anybody, but they, they, they love it.
They are, this is why you read that among us are the Muslims, and among us are the compromisers. Verse 14.
And Muslims means total submitters to what God says.
Dr. Khalifa: There is no compromising.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, it was applicable. It was information about jinns. It was a lot of knowledge.
But it will not apply to a place in Egypt, for example, or in Iran, or in Pakistan.
It was the jinns who were walking around there, will not believe that God has a mate and a son, generally.
Dr. Khalifa: The Quran is valid for all times, but there are certain things,
Dr. Khalifa: for example, A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. For example, Rabbi Judah the pious is mentioned in 46:10.
Rabbi Judah was in the 11th century. The Quran came down in the 7th century.
So, there were 4 centuries before Rabbi Judah that,
There is a Sura about the smoke, which is not, hasn't happened yet.
But it's still valid, and it is consistent with the punishments that came to the previous generations.
Gog and Magog are not, has not reappeared yet.
The splitting of the moon happened only 1969.
So, all these things are still valid and there is a lot of information in all of them.
Dr. Khalifa: But this Sura now, this Sura is about Masjid Tucson.
A woman: (unintelligible) says,
the jinns (unintelligible)
[72:11] "'Some of us are righteous, and some are less than righteous; we follow various paths.
(unintelligible)
A woman: for example (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: These are the jinns who wandered in here, they know the truth.
There are jinns who are lost and ignorant and just as Christians, as any Christian, or a Jewish as any Jew, or Atheists as, as any Atheist.
Dr. Khalifa: This is a group of jinns who came in here and they believed.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A woman: These are jinns who not converted (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, they, they were converted afterwards. Yes. A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: So, the jinns do change afterwards.
I was wondering about this for a while.
Because the jinns are so strong with Satan, initially.
They need, God gave them a longer period of time and more chance of seeing the universe.
See, the, this whole creation is for the humans and the jinns to redeem themselves.
Now, we were kind of marginal, but the jinns were still firmly with Satan.
So, their, their opinion is stronger on the side of Satan.
And God gave, is giving them more of a chance.
Because on the Day of Judgment, the, the, the humans and the jinns who go to Hell will not have any excuse.
Now, the jinns will not say "if you gave us enough time, we would have abandoned our strong alliance with Satan."
Dr. Khalifa: They cannot say that.
A woman: So, what (unintelligible)
when you say (unintelligible)
Because it's also (unintelligible)
A woman: I understand this that they knew (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, this is a result of them reading the Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: They knew, in other words, they, they reached the conclusion.
A woman: Oh, they will reach the conclusion. Dr. Khalifa: That is...
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: Ok. So, it's not going to pass passive, more like
A woman: they now. Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Dr. Khalifa: They knew as a result of reading the Quran A woman: (unintelligible) they know.
Dr. Khalifa: because the first verse says
[72:1] "....a group of jinns listened, and said, 'We have heard a wonderful Quran.*
Now, when they heard the wonderful Quran, they learned a lot.
Those were ignorant jinns walking around believing in Christianity, the trinity.
They were companions of Christians.
And when they were freed, they had that belief in them.
Then, they found Masjid Tucson. They walked there and they discovered the Quran.
They discovered there is a miracle on the wall.
And they, they have more capabilities to understand the code easier than us.
So, these are converted jinns.
I mean, it's, it's really very clear.
[72:1] ... "I was inspired that a group of jinns listened, then said, 'We have heard a wonderful Quran.*
We are, we are a generation that when we were born, the Quran was in existence.
During the prophet Muhammad's time, people were born and there was no Quran.
[72:2] "'It guides to righteousness, and we have believed in it; ....
So, they changed.
[72:2] ....we will never set up any idols besides our Lord.
Now, notice the things that we say here in this mosque and they repeat.
Like in verse 13, this is something we always say in this mosque and they believe it now.
They are simply repeating what we say here.
[72:13] "'.....Anyone who believes in his Lord will never fear any injustice, nor any affliction.
They actually go back to their, to their people and they say this.
And they heard it here.
Some of these verses also are to teach us some characteristics of the jinns.
[72:11] "'Some of us are righteous, and some are less than righteous; ....
Because they go and talk to their Christian jinns and they tell them "oh, this is nonsense. The lord Jesus will save us. He died for our sins."
Same things that you go through.
And they do talk some of them into coming with them back here and say "come and listen."
So, some are guided and some are not.
Dr. Khalifa: "We used to listen to the sky," it tells us what kind of power they have also.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's a very confusing subject so don't be...
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum
A woman: (unintelligible) the jinns believe.
A woman: They know the truth. They know (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, they're talking about their kind.
You think there are bad humans?
Dr. Khalifa: Are there bad human beings?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No. No. Do you think there are bad human beings?
A woman: Yeah, I think there are...
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, so if you talk about the human race, if you talk about the human race,
Dr. Khalifa: you can say "some of us are righteous, are righteous, and some are less than righteous." Edip: Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: They're talking about the jinn race.
They're talking about the jinn beings, not talking about themselves.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok, is that clear now?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Now, 12,
[72:12] "'We knew full well that we can never run away from GOD....
Dr. Khalifa: As a result of studying the Quran, they know now that they will be gathered for the Day of Judgment.
A woman: Only some, only those who are (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, the ones... A woman: So, in
A woman: in Sura 11, they (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible) they're talking about (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
You can imagine yourself talking about the human race after reading the Quran. It's exactly the same.
And you will find the same thing is applicable.
What God is teaching us here is that the jinns are like us.
Some of them are Muslims, some are atheists, some are Jewish and so on.
Dr. Khalifa: Beth.
Beth: (unintelligible) jinns (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Those are future jinns. Those are future jinns.
They are, they are trapped in our body until, until we die.
Dr. Khalifa: They are companions. They are companions. Beth: They are part of our souls, (unintelligible) jinns
Beth: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They are not part of your soul. Your soul is an independent person called "Beth Khalifa."
And the companion is an independent person called "Beth Khalifa."
That is freed also. When you die, then the other Beth Khalifa becomes a jinn,
and stays around here about for 600 or 700 more years.
Dr. Khalifa: In your case, 300 years.
Beth: So, we don't know what they'e doing. (unintelligible) part of us (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Oh, you mean after we die?
Beth: Yeah.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah. They're just floating around.
Beth: They're not even part of us?
Dr. Khalifa: No, no. They're not part of us anymore.
Beth: No, I mean, now.
Dr. Khalifa: Now, they are part of us. They go wherever you go and...
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Beth, this is very important. You have...
Dr. Khalifa: The companion is your number, is the major witness for or against us on the Day of Judgment
because this is a companion that's with you from birth to death, always, wherever you go. And she knows everything about you.
So, she makes a perfect witness. She's an eye witness, from inside out. I mean, what more perfect witness than that.
And the Sura 50 explains that.
Dr. Khalifa: Sura 50.
Parivash: Can we kill them? Can they cut us and we kill the (unintelligible) or
Parivash: something like that? Sometimes, can we kill? Can we kill?
Dr. Khalifa: Your guards will not allow them to do that. Now, your, your companion is inside of you. you can, you can kill the...
Like the example I use is you're watching TV and the Noon Prayer comes.
Dr. Khalifa: And it's your companion that's telling you "wait until the news is over." Then, you will miss the Prayer.
A woman: You know from examples like this, let's say I, I'm not (unintelligible), and it is almost like my body is (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: All the evil. It's Satan. Yes, A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Exactly. Exactly. A woman: (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: You're right. Yes.
A woman: But that, but that's the jinns.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible) A woman: Cause they are...
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no. Ok. A woman: (unintelligible).
A woman: (unintelligible).
A woman: (unintelligible). Dr. Khalifa: There are.
Dr. Khalifa: Right, you're continuously changing them hopefully, or you're totally submitting to them.
Your jinn is Satan's representative in your body, Satan's representative.
So, she is continuously telling you not to worship God alone, to worship (unintelligible), and so on.
So, this is what she's doing, to stop you from the five Prayers, to discourage you from Fasting in month of Ramadan,
to tell you to follow the social system, have a boyfriend or a girlfriend,
like they do in this country and so on. She is always telling to do the bad things.
Now, you are supposed to represent God's point of view, worship God alone, develop the soul, grow,
do the five Prayers, Fast the month of Ramadan, follow the moral system that God dictates,
and she is, so are you.
There is continuous debate in your head between you and your Satan representative.
Now, when, when this body dies, then both souls are freed,
and we go to the world of souls and the jinn stays around for a few hundred more years.
Dr. Khalifa: So this, the word "jinn" implies they are free companions.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: the jinns (unintelligible)
A woman: Is the number of the humans equal to the number of jinns who are (unintelligible) that are assigned to humans?
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, the number of human and number of jinns are equal, but not, in the end, not,
Dr. Khalifa: not at this time. I mean, on Earth, there are jinns from the past generations.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Roughly yes, roughly equal.
A woman: Roughly equal. Thanks. Also, (unintelligible)
A woman: We still get (unintelligible) in 7 and 8, cause they (unintelligible).
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, no, not necessarily.
A woman: (unintelligible)
A woman: I mean, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, higher than some angels. Yes. The angels will be distributed in the Heaven at all, all levels,
just like, see, when we go back, we really go back, rejoin God's Kingdom in the way we were before,
before we, before the Feud happened, before the Great Feud.
But we can exceed what we, where we were, depending on how much we develop our soul.
See, we were in, in Heaven, and we were in a different rank. And I mean, in a particular specific rank.
And then, we committed that crime, then, so we fell here. Now, our job is to redeem ourselves.
And we can redeem ourselves to the same rank, or to higher, or lower, depending on how hard we work,
or how much we, we, we develop our soul.
So, when we go back, we're gonna fit back into God's Kingdom among the angels.
We just go back to the same situation before, as before the Feud, only with a new rank, depending on what we did.
Does that clarify this?
So, some of the angels will be lower than, than us, if we develop ourselves sufficiently.
Dr. Khalifa: You develop yourself to the max, you can be with the highest, at the highest level, with the highest angels, archangels.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, it's possible to be in a, in different stage, but this we will take weakness of the humans.
Apamea: Dr. Khalifa, what is this in the first Aya, it says
Apamea: [72:1] ... "I was inspired ...
Apamea: [72:1] ... that a ... Dr. Khalifa: The messenger, yes.
Dr. Khalifa: See, the "say" is to a messenger.
[72:1] ...."I was inspired that a group of jinns listened,...
Actually, I find that I said this before I, before I made the connection between this Sura and myself.
Dr. Khalifa: I said this in the past.
Edip: Rashad, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: As, as long as 10 years ago, when we read this Sura,
Dr. Khalifa: I said that the jinns come in here and they listen to us and they make this conclusion.
Edip: These, also, during the time of prophet Muhammad, Muhammad has been addressed that
[72:1] Say, "I was inspired ...
Edip: Because prophet Muhammad is the first person that received these verses from God, but this now happens a second time.
Edip: And there are many prophecies here, but we cannot say that prophet Muhammad is not, had not been addressed.
Dr. Khalifa: We cannot say that he has either.
Dr. Khalifa: Most probably, most probably, he was not, because there was no Quran.
Edip: But Quran, now we, we do Quranic study.
If we recite a part of Quran, we can say this is Quran. For verses of Quran, we can say Quran.
They, they didn't hear all the Quran, but part of the Quran, we can say Quran.
(72:1) سَمِعْنَا قُرْءَانًا عَجَبًۭا
Dr. Khalifa: a chapter from Quran or some verses from Quran.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. (unintelligible).
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: It's very possible.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, I didn't hear the whole question.
Dr. Khalifa: I didn't hear the whole question.
A man: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They don't know the future.
A woman: But they (unintelligible) distant so, they (unintelligible) future.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They'll be at the same stage or the people around the prophet.
Dr. Khalifa: Same stage as the prophet and the people around him.
A woman: So, they (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No.
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
A man: These jinns that are, at least, (unintelligible) by that (unintelligible)
A man: At any point (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Uhum. This is demon possession. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: Some of them are, are, are mischievous.
A man: (unintelligible) because (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: This is a rare thing, well. Has anybody here seen a demon possessed person?
See? it's rare.
Only if you want to, saw the movie "Exorcist" which is greatly exaggerated based on a, on a true story.
Dr. Khalifa: Ok. Back to Apamea. Only 10 minutes.
A woman: Rashad, (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: You see, translation of the word (unintelligible)
Because it seems like (unintelligible)
A woman: The Arabic means (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, this is, the places of worship is in the act of worship. When you do the Prayer,
or the Fasting, or the Hajj must be devoted to God alone.
In the Khutba and in the Quranic study, in the Quran and so on, the Quran itself says,
Dr. Khalifa: mention in connection with the scripture, Abraham, Mary, Pharaoh. The Quran itself says that.
Dr. Khalifa: So,... A woman: which (unintelligible) contradiction with another verse
A woman: that says, don't let your (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, I, I would, since it is places of worship.
A woman: I just, it just (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: See, if you read Sura 19, it tells you
(19:16) وَٱذْكُرْ فِى ٱلْكِتَـٰبِ
Mentioned in the book, or any connection with it.
It mentions Mary, or Jesus, or, or Pharaoh, and so on, and Abraham, names names.
So, when you study the Quran, or you're, you're learning from history, you have to mention these names.
Only because God said so.
Dr. Khalifa: But when it comes to the act of worship, you must devote it to God completely.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Edip: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Edip: Rashad, you mean mention, there are difference between two mentioning.
For example, when you praise God, you are praising God, but if you mention somebody else, he's mentioning his worship.
Allah avoid us and this kind of mentioning.
For example, in Azan, you praise God, and you call to God, and you add somebody's name,
for example, Muhammad or Ali's name, and also you are calling for Prayer.
Prayer is a, is a connection with God, a contact with God.
Edip: And here, in this situation, when you mention other names, this is a position of worship.
Dr. Khalifa: It must be devoted to God alone, the act of worship. Edip: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Dr. Khalifa: But here we are studying, like now, for example, we're studying the Quran.
The Quran said, tells you to mention these names to learn from the history.
So, mentioning it then in this context is okay.
Dr. Khalifa: I see your point.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I wanna make it, I wanna make it as difficult as possible, because
no matter what understanding or interpretation we may reach,
we'll be taking a chance if you mention anybody else's name in the acts of worship.
Like, we, we do the Prayer in the desert sometimes, a lot.
Driving, and we go in the desert because
Dr. Khalifa: we go to the picnic area, and what this means in the picnic area, we should not mention Sharif or Mehri?
A woman: I, I do not see the motivation for why you (unintelligible), but (unintelligible) prophet.
They always have the argument
(unintelligible)
A woman: This is like to avoid any possibility at all.
Dr. Khalifa: Yeah.
A woman: (unintelligible) It just seems to me like it is an (unintelligible) of religion here that...
Dr. Khalifa: But the key, the key, the key, the key words here are place of worship, or position of worship.
Ok. So, in the, in the specific practices of worship, like Salat, and Fasting, and Zakat, and Hajj,
and sacrificing animals, whatever, this must be devoted to God alone.
When you mention the name of God when an animal... it must be the name of God alone, no other names.
And I wanna go back to, when you do the Prayer in the picnic area,
when you stand up for the Prayer, you mention only the name of God in the Prayer.
As soon as you say Salaamu ‘Alaykum, we say "congratulations, Douglas."
So, you mention Douglas.
But it is not, it's not part of the, the worship.
So, I want to make this very strict, but it goes without saying that when you're outside of the,
Dr. Khalifa: the acts of worship, you, you can... the Quran itself says, mention those names to learn from their history.
A man: Doctor Rashad Dr. Khalifa: Go on.
A man: There is a (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible)
So, that should, that's, that's, I mean, that's what (unintelligible)
A woman: (unintelligible) "you are jealous."
Rami: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Okay, but you see, Rami, you have,
Rami, you have a very good point here, but remember that the teacher of Quran is God.
Dr. Khalifa: And for the sincere believers, God will see to it that they will reach the right conclusion, just like we are reaching it right now.
A woman: But...
Dr. Khalifa: I'm not... Rami: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: They don't need me. I'm not the one who's teaching the Quran. God is teaching all of us right now.
Rami: But we are having some kind of contradiction (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Well listen, if God guides them to mention no other name in the mosque under any circumstances,
we may, we may be able to build a mosque right here in this area where there is a Prayer hall where is no other name is mentioned.
And our Quranic study will be in a place where we have chairs and a, a movie screen or a big TV or something
that will be for the Quranic study. And when we go to the Prayer hall, no other name will be mentioned in that hall.
If they do that, more power to them. They'll be wonderful.
We may be able to do this some day, do it some day. But this is where the word compromisers comes in the picture.
You see, it's only four verses before that.
If the message reaches, now,
remember that God is the teacher of the Quran to every generation.
And for the sincere believers, God sees to it that they reach the correct conclusions.
The insincere will always be sent astray, no matter how clear you can be.
So, I, this is, this is a law in verse 18 that we can never compromise it.
Now, remember there is a law in the Quran that says if you are forced by circumstance
without being malicious or deliberate, you are committing no errors.
So right now, our circumstances dictate on us that we use this same hall for Prayer and for Quranic study and for potlucks and so on.
But the day will come when we'll, we're rich enough, IN SHAA ALLAH, we're, we'll have a complex
on this block where there is a Prayer hall.
Dr. Khalifa: But nothing goes on in it except Prayer and only the name of God.
A woman: But (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Pardon?
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
A woman: (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Yeah, but the Khutba follows the instructions of the Quran.
(19:16) وَٱذْكُرْ فِى ٱلْكِتَـٰبِ مَرْيَمَ (19:41) وَٱذْكُرْ فِى ٱلْكِتَـٰبِ إِبْرَٰهِيمَ ۚ
and use their history as lessons. This is Sura 28.
Cause we're following the Quran in the Khutba.
Now the Khutba, the people are sitting listening. This is not part of the Contact Prayer.
Dr. Khalifa: Yes.
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) said. So, Aya (unintelligible)
Dr. Sabahi: worship (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Yes, but that word has many meanings depending on the context.
When you say the name of Muhammad in the Azan, you are worshipping Muhammad.
So, we can use "mention" or "worship" interchangeably in this situation.
When you mention Muhammad, 'ALE (آل) Muhammad, Ibrahim, 'ALE (آل) Ibrahim in the Contact Prayer, you're worshipping them.
Dr. Khalifa: So, there is no, there is no difference.
Dr. Sabahi: So, so, basically, I can agree (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: Do you have the Farsi translation there?
Dr. Sabahi: (unintelligible) but what I'm saying is that (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: I wanna, I wanna go to the extreme and make it as difficult as possible
to mention any other name under any circumstances in the mosque.
But If I find it necessary, then this will fall under the Quranic law that if we are forced by circumstance,
Dr. Khalifa: without being deliberate or malicious, we're not committing a mistake.
Edip: The word NAD'U (نَدْعُ), yes, it has many different meanings in Quran.
Edip: Not so many different nuance that, there are nuance.
For example, in chapter 3:61,
فَمَنْ حَآجَّكَ فِيهِ مِنۢ بَعْدِ مَا جَآءَكَ مِنَ ٱلْعِلْمِ فَقُلْ تَعَالَوْا۟ نَدْعُ (3:61) أَبْنَآءَنَا وَأَبْنَآءَكُمْ
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Edip: Yes, NAD'U (نَدْعُ) "mention" than "call", not "worship of."
Dr. Khalifa: Invite.
Edip: Invite.
Allah says to Muhammad, say to them, let's invite.
(3:61) نَدْعُ أَبْنَآءَنَا وَأَبْنَآءَكُمْ
Edip: Allah commands him, worship your
Dr. Khalifa: Yes. Edip: their children
Edip: not, not, not worship, to call. And there are some different meanings, here.
Dr. Khalifa: It's a word with multiple meanings.
Rami: If, if used as a verb (unintelligible)
And Rashad, (unintelligible)
To make it (unintelligible) to mention other than God during the Contact Prayers to worship (unintelligible)
But you are trying to make it more difficult to mention other names in the masjid grounds.
We're not talking about dis-involving anything. Masjids, mosques,
places of worship, they have always been traditionally places of discussion.
(unintelligible)
temple, area (unintelligible)
say that I believe only to be... especially, (unintelligible)
5 times a day (unintelligible)
Rami: Contact Prayer (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: No, no, I want, I want a separate, a separate hall for the Quranic study and a separate hall for the Prayers.
I said "ideally."
Dr. Khalifa: (unintelligible)
Rami: So, we're Praying in our living rooms and we Pray in our bedrooms.
Rami: And we Pray (unintelligible) Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Rami: And we Pray everywhere.
Dr. Khalifa: What, what are you suggesting, Rami?
Rami: Well, the translation as it is in Arabic is very clear. I mean that
Rami: we should not mention other, other than God during Prayers.
Dr. Khalifa: Right.
Rami: But the place of worship has nothing to do, you know, there is no sanctity by itself.
Rami: This (unintelligible)
Dr. Khalifa: OK, I wanna put you in the same position I was in. Go ahead and translate it. You see, the statement of the Quran is very....