===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
BP
I57
v.1
no.3/4
1975

B 228

VOLUME 1 • Muharram, 1395
January, 1975 • NUMBER 3 & 4

ISLAM

An International Journal Expressing the Islamic Point of View

EDITORS

Dr. Muhammad 'Abdul-Rauf (Washington, D.C., U.S.A.)
Dr. Mujahid Al-Sawwaf (Mecca, Saudi Arabia)
Dr. Rashad Khalifa (St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.A.)
S. Shahid Mufassir (Palmer Park, Maryland, U.S.A.)
Dr. Harun Nasution (Jakarta, Indonesia)
Dr. Altan Necioglu (Ankara, Turkey)
Dr. Ahmad H. Saqr (Lombard, Illinois U.S.A.)
Muhammad Sirajuddin (Hyderabad, India)
Dr. Yusuf Amin Wali (Cairo, Egypt)

PUBLISHED QUARTERLY by
Islamic Productions International, Inc.

COPYRIGHT© 1975, ISLAMIC PRODUCTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[1:1] بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Notes to Authors

It the policy of this Journal to publish articles in English in all fields of ISLAM provided they are of a high caliber and contribute to the fundamental knowledge of the religion. In keeping with the universal nature of Islam, this journal is not intended to reflect any political, regional, or nationalistic bias. Articles containing unwarranted attacks, direct or implied, against any other religion, sect, belief, or ideology, shall not be accepted for publication. The journal's sole objective is to work within the framework of ISLAM towards a full appreciation of God's message to all humanity.

The journal recognizes the sources of Islamic knowledge to be the Qur'an, the Sunna, analogy (Qiyas), consensus (Ijma'), and personal thought (Ijtihad). However, THE QUR'AN shall be the ultimate reference. Only statements in full agreement with the Qur'an shall represent the journal's official stand. All other statements, or statements subject to various interpretations shall represent only the author's personal viewpoint.

Manuscripts submitted for publication should be typed, double spaced. Only one copy is required. All Qur'anic quotations must be accompanied by the number(s) of sura(s), and the number(s) of verse(s). Colons should separate the number of sura from the number(s) of verse(s) (e.g. 17:28-33). A group of verses from the same sura should be separated from each other by commas (e.g. 17:28-33, 51, 60-62). When more than one sura are involved, a semi-colon should separate the different suras (e.g. 17:28-33, 51, 60-62; 23:16; 36:9-11, 19-25, 44). The journal will undertake to add the Arabic text to all Qur'anic translations. This is to avoid the inadvertent mental re-translation to an Arabic composition which is different from the original.

Every Hadith should be accompanied by its sources (transmitters) and the reference book where it may be found. If the transmitter(s) and/or the reference book were not known, this should be stated clearly.

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Transliteration of Arabic words and names should follow the convention shown below. The only vowels should be: i (as in ibn), a (as in Ahmad), u (as in ummah), i (as in tafsir), a (as in ayat), and u (as in Hud).

A Convention for the Pronunciation and Transliteration of the Arabic Alphabet

Alphabet — Pronunciation — English Equivalent
Alif — A
Ba — B
Ta — T (as in Table)
Tha — Th (as in Think)
Jim — G, J
Ha — H (dot under H)
Kha — Kh
Dal — D (as in Doubt)
Dhal — Th (as in Then, underlined Th)
Ra — R
Zayn — Z (as in Zoo)
Sin — S (as in Sit)
Shin — Sh
Sad — S (as in Sun, dot under S)
Dad — D (as in Double, dot under D)
Ta — T (as in Tub, dot under T)
Za — Z (as in Zombi, dot under Z)
'Ayn — 'A, 'U, 'I
Ghayn — Gh (French R)
Fa — F
Qaf — Q
Kaf — K
Lam — L
Mim — M
Nun — N
Ha — H
Wow — W
Ya — Y
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
ا ب ت ث ج ح خ د ذ ر ز س ش ص ض ط ظ ع غ ف ق ك ل م ن ه و ي

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
ISLAM
An International Journal Expressing the Islamic Point of View

Manuscripts should be sent to one of the following editors:

Dr. Muhammad Abdul-Rauf
Director, The Islamic Center
2551 Massachusetts Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20008

Dr. Mujahid Al-Sawwaf
Professor of Qur'anic Science
College of Islamic Law
Mecca, Saudi Arabia

Dr. Rashad Khalifa
Islamic Productions International
P.O. Box 12202
St. Louis, Missouri 63157

S. Shahid Mufassir
8411 Barlowe Road
Palmer Park, Maryland 20785

Dr. Harun Nasution
Chancellor
State Islamic Institute
Ciputat Kebajoram Lama
Jakarta, Indonesia

Dr. Altan Necioglu
Middle East Technical University
Ankara, Turkey

Dr. Ahmad H. Saqr
Founder, Muslim Students Association of USA & Canada
P.O. Box 140
Lombard, Illinois 60148

Muhammad Sirajuddin
5-6-266-1 New Aghabura Road
Hyderabad, India

Dr. Yusuf Amin Wali
University of 'Ain Shams
Shubral Khaima
Cairo, Egypt

The Editorial Office
ISLAM
P.O. Box 12202
St. Louis, Mo. 63157

PUBLISHED BY
Islamic Productions International, Inc.
P.O. BOX 12202, ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI 63157

Annual Subscription Rates:  U.S.A. & Canada   All Other Countries
Institutional Subscription   $18.00   $22.00
Personal Subscription   $12.00   $14.00
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[1:1] بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
ISLAM
A publication of Islamic Productions International, Inc.
VOLUME 1 • Muharram, 1395
January, 1975 • NUMBER 3 & 4

CONTENTS

Erratum (God's Message to Humanity) ................. 163
Yusuf Amin Wali

The Italian "Barnabas": Fact or Fiction? .............. 165
S. Shahid Mufassir

The Muslims and Jerusalem ................................ 173
Ahmad Taha

The Third International Theory .......................... 182
Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi

Propagation of Islam: The Basic Principles ......... 184
Khurshid Ahmad

Islam: Its Mission in the World .......................... 192
M. Farid Wajdi

The Falsification of Hadith ................................ 198
Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib

English Meanings of the Qur'an .......................... 248
Rashad Khalifa

Islamic Concentrates:
The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi .................... 271
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari .................. 277
Index to the Qur'an ............................................ 283
The Islamic Calendar Conversion Table ..............291

v

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
IN THE NAME OF GOD, THE COMPASSIONATE, THE MERCIFUL

Say, "If the ocean were an ink-well for the words of my Lord, the ocean would run out before the words of my Lord run out, even if twice as much ink were provided."

(Qur'an 18:109)
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[1:1] بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم
[18:109] قُلْ لَوْ كَانَ الْبَحْرُ مِدَادًا لِكَلِمَاتِ رَبِّي لَنَفِدَ الْبَحْرُ قَبْلَ أَنْ تَنْفَدَ كَلِمَاتُ رَبِّي وَلَوْ جِئْنَا بِمِثْلِهِ مَدَدًا

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Yusuf Amin Wali, Ph.D.

ERRATUM
God's Message to Humanity: The Ultimate Proof of Authenticity

In the last issue of ISLAM [1(2): 91-104], it was pointed out that the only 2 suras in the Qur'an which are initialed with the letter Qaf [namely, sura Al-Shura (No. 42) and sura Qaf (No. 50)] contain exactly the same number of this letter, i.e. 57; that the total number of occurrences of this letter in the 2 suras is 114, the same as the total number of suras in the Qur'an. It was pointed out that this deliberate design and the knowledge of the mathematical distribution of individual alphabets throughout the Qur'an are unattainable by man; that only Allah could have such capability. Allah (the most glorified, most high) placed the initial Qaf at the beginning of the 2 suras to indicate to us His knowledge of the alphabetical distribution; that there is something special about the letter Qaf in these particular suras; that only He is the author of the Qur'an.

On page 98 of that article, however, it was pointed out that sura Ibrahim (No. 14) is the only other sura where the letter Qaf occurs 57 times. I am writing this erratum to state that, in comparing the number of occurrences of the letter Qaf, I have overlooked the fact that while suras Al-Shura & Qaf have the letter Qaf prefixed to them, sura Ibrahim is not initialed with the letter Qaf. If the letter Qaf is prefixed as an initial in sura Ibrahim, for a fair and accurate comparison, then the number of occurrences of the letter Qaf will become 58, not the same as the 2 Qaf-initialed suras. To look at it another way, if we remove all the Qur'anic initials from the Qur'an, we will find that sura Qaf and sura Al-Shura contain 56 Qafs each, while sura Ibrahim contains 57 Qafs. It was neither fair, nor accurate, therefor, to state that sura Ibrahim was "the only other sura which contains the same number of Qafs as the Qaf-initialed suras."

We can easily envision that Allah (the most glorified, most high) looked at His complete message to humanity, the Qur'an, before the placement of the Qur'anic initials and knew that only two suras qualify to receive the initial Qaf so that the total number of Qafs in them would equal the total number of suras. These two suras were Al-Shura (No. 42) and Qaf (No. 50). In order to give us a signal or a hint that He alone knows the alphabetical [text continues on next page]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
ق

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
THE ITALIAN "BARNABAS"

According to Church historians, the Gospel of Barnabas does not exist as a complete manuscript, but survives only in fragments and certain ecclesiastical writings of the first and second centuries of the Chrisitian Era. It was written in Greek. It is extremely difficult to find a copy of what exists, either in Greek or in translation. But there does exist another book, a complete manuscript, which calls itself the "Gospel of Barnabas". Allegedly it was written in Hebrew when it was discovered by Pope Sixtus V (1585-1590 CE), who is said to have translated it from Hebrew into Italian. This Italian "Barnabas" later found its way into the Hofbiblyothek at Vienna, and was translated into English in 1907 by Lonsdale and Laura Ragg. Strangely, the Italian edition has Arabic footnotes.3

The Italian "Barnabas" could not have been written by a disciple of Jesus Christ in the first century C.E. This is the judgment of Christian scholars who have read "Barnabas" and it is one in which this Muslim reader will have to concur. To be sure, it mentions the blessed prophet Muhammad by name, but this presents the first problem. "Barnabas" mentions Muhammad by name much too often for a Christian Gospel. In fact, "Barnabas" mentions Muhammad by name more often than the Qur'an does. At the same time, it contains doctrines which are not approved by either orthodox Christian or Muslim tradition. A chief example of this is the assertion by "Barnabas" that Jesus is not the Messiah and that Jesus cursed Peter for calling him the Messiah.4 By contrast, the Qur'an makes several references to Al-Masih, 'Isa b. Maryam, "The Messiah, Jesus, son of Mary." There is no disagreement between Islam and Christianity on this point.

For a book supposedly written in Hebrew originally, "Barnabas" uses defective Hebrew in transliteration. Jesus reportedly raises his "eyes to heaven (saying): 'O Elohim Sabaoth, have mercy upon thy servants.'" (p. 21) This construction "Elohim Sabaoth" (God of Hosts) is Greek, not Hebrew. The correct Hebrew form would be Elohei Sabaoth or Elohei has-sabaoth.5 On page 34, "Barnabas" records that "Jesus went to Jerusalem, near unto the Senofegia, a feast of our nation." If this were originally a Hebrew book, the correct term would be Sukkoth, not Senofegia. The reference is to the Feast of Tabernacles, which is Hag has-sukkoth in the Hebrew Bible (Deuteronomy 16:13; Zachariah 14:16, etc.), and skenopegia in New Testament Greek (John 7:2). The reading in "Barnabas", Senofegia, is a Latin form, which points up something very disturbing about this book.

Much of Barnabas shows a dependence on the Latin Bible, rather than either the Hebrew Scriptures or the Greek New Testament. For example, in quoting Psalm 50, "Barnabas" writes verses 13 and 14 first and then joins part of verse 12 at the end, making the sense different from that of the [continues]

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
S. Shahid Mufassir

Hebrew Bible.6 Many of its quotations from the Old Testament follow the Latin Bible rather than the Hebrew.7 Since the Latin (Vulgate) Bible was not published until 382 C.E., "Barnabas" could not quote from it during the time of Jesus. The dependence on the Vulgate proves that "Barnabas" could have been written not earlier than 350 years after the mission of Jesus!

"Barnabas" quotes from the Old Testament apocryphal book called Susanna (p. 60) which was in the Vulgate, but not in the Hebrew canon. And if the book were written by the Barnabas of the first century, it would never have carried the serious blunder found on page 76 of the English edition. Here "Barnabas" says: "The passover drew near, wherefore Jesus, which his disciples, went up to Jerusalem. And he went to the pool called 'Probatica'." "Probatica" was not the name of the pool! The name of the pool was Bethesda ("House of Mercy" in Hebrew) or Bethzatha ("House of the Olive"), according to some manuscripts. The name of the pool seems to have been connected with the miracles which were said to have taken place there, as "Barnabas" admits: "And the bath (pool) was so called because the angel of God every day troubled the water, and whosoever first entered the water after its movement was cured of every kind of infirmity." (p. 76, cf. John 5:2-4. However, this explanation of the name Bethesda is not included in the earliest manuscripts of the New Testament and some modern translations omit it. It is thus the more curious that "Barnabas" includes a portion of the New Testament which is based on later manuscripts and then misinterprets its meaning!) "Probatica", which "Barnabas" mistakes for the name of the pool, is really the name for the sheep-gate which was near the pool. "Probatica" is the Latin form of the Greek New Testament word probatika at John 5:2, meaning "Sheep Gate". How could a book written originally in Hebrew overlook the very Hebrew name of the miraculous pool, Bethesda, and put in its place a word of Greek derivation which referred, not to the pool at all, but to its gate?

The Italian "Barnabas" is full of fables. Unlike the Qur'an, which insists upon making no distinctions between the prophets, "Barnabas" protrays Muhammad (peace be upon him) in an almost Divine light, setting him over and above all the rest to a fabulous degree. The passage which Muslims like to quote wherein Jesus foretells the coming of Muhammad, having denied the Messiahship to Jesus, gives it to the Prophet: "Jesus answered: 'The name of the Messiah is Admirable (Muhammad).'" (p. 113) But Muhammad (peace be upon him) never claimed to be the Messiah, nor does the Qur'an say that Jesus foretold the coming of a Messiah, but of another rasul. Therefore, even this oft-used verse of "Barnabas" has a fatal flaw.

"Barnabas" could not have been written before the fourth century C.E. and there is evidence that it was written even much later, somewhere in Medieval

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
THE ITALIAN "BARNABAS"

times. Two things point to this. First, there was a nominally Muslim group of that period which denied that Jesus was the Messiah, just as "Barnabas" does. Second. on page 96, "Barnabas" refers to the Jewish festival of the Jubilee: "Jesus answered: 'I am indeed sent to the house of Israel as a prophet of salvation; but after me shall come the Messiah, sent of God to all the world; for whom God hath made the world (i.e., Muhammad) . . . and that year of Jubilees, which now cometh every hundred years, shall by the Messiah be reduced to every year in every place.'" Here "Barnabas" again denies the messiahship to Jesus and gives it to Muhammad, but he also speaks of the Jubilee "which now cometh every hundred years . . ." at the time of the disciple Barnabas, the Jubilee came every fifty years! The Jubilee which "now cometh every hundred years" could only refer to the Papal Jubilee of the Catholic Church, which was inaugurated in 1300 C.E. and reduced to 50 years in 1350 C.E. This pinpoints the writing of "Barnabas" as between 1300 and 1350 C.E., some 14 centuries after the mission of Jesus!

The conclusion must be that the Italian "Barnabas" was a purposely fabricated book, written or re-written by someone familiar with Islam but outside of the orthodox (Sunni) tradition of Islam. It could not possibly be the work of the disciple Barnabas, nor is it the fragmentary Gospel of Barnabas whose existence is acknowledged by Chrisitan scholars. Because it contains dogmas and fables which conflict with the Qur'an, it is not really useful to Muslims. Nor do Muslims need it.

Though some Muslims have formed a liking for the Italian "Barnabas," its lack of authenticity makes it useless. As Pope Shenuda III has wisely written, "No where in the Qur'an does it mention . . . 'the gospel of Barnabas.' The name Barnabas does not appear anywhere in the Qur'an. Furthermore, many of the doctrines contained in this 'gospel' are clearly contradictory to the teachings of Islam."8 The disciple Barnabas of the Bible was not even an eyewitness to the mission of Jesus, though this claim is made in the Italian "Barnabas", where his name is placed in the list of the 12 disciples. None of the Gospels of the Bible has Barnabas in the list, nor do they even mention him. We first meet Barnabas in the Book of Acts (4:34), where he is a helper in Paul's missionary work, "a good man full of the holy spirit and faith." If Barnabas has written a Gospel, it would be similarly an honest and faithful narrative of the life of Jesus, worthy of at least as much honor by Christians as the letters of Paul in the Bible, since Paul was not an eyewitness to the ministry of jesus either. But this myth-filled Italian manuscript is not the Gospel of Barnabas. Muslims must look for the real one.

According to sounder Muslim tradition, the Gospel of Barnabas is a Greek manuscript which contains the prophecy of Jesus wherein he refers to the prophet coming after him by the Greek word PERIKLYTOS: Mu-

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
S. Shahid Mufassir

hammad. The present-day New Testament has just such a prophecy in the Gospel of John, with the word PARAKLETOS, which differs from PERIKLYTOS only in three vowels. Both words may be represented simply as P-R-KL-TOS, which contains the letters they have in common. The reading PERIKLYTOS must have some manuscript basis, and it could not be incidental that a mere variant of the word found at John 14 and 16 makes P-R-KL-TOS the Greek form of "Muhammad". The Church interpretation of the P-R-KL-TOS as the Holy Ghost is challenged by some Christian scholars on the basis of certain New Testament manuscripts. Jesus spoke Syriac (Aramaic) and the old Syriac manuscripts of John differ from the standard version of John 14:26 which reads: ". . . the P-R-KL-TOS, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send . . ." These manuscripts in the language of Jesus say simply ". . . the P-R-KL-TOS, the spirit, whom the Father will send."9 "Spirit" carries the connotation also of "inspired person." Therefore, the original meaning of John 14:26 was probably: "Muhammad, the Inspired One whom the Lord will send . . ." In this respect, John 14:26, which is the only verse in the whole Bible which identifies the P-R-KL-TOS as "the Holy Ghost" is seen to mean something else, and there is thus no verse in the entire Bible which makes such an identification. A study of the Greek New Testament meanings behind John 14 and 16 reveal that they portray the coming of another Messenger, a human being like Jesus, an inspired prophet of God, the Truthful One, Muhammad (P-R-KL-TOS).10

Properly understood, the Gospel of John makes the same point that the Qur'an does at Surah al-Saff (61:6):

"And rembmer, Jesus the son of Mary said: 'O Children of Israel, I am the Messenger of God to you, confirming the Torah which preceeded me and announcing the Good News of a Messenger to come after me, whose name shall be 'Admirable' (= Ahmad = Muhammad).'"

My translation of the relevant passages in the Gospel of John, on the basis of the Greek text or other early manuscripts, is as follows:

JOHN CHAPTER 14

16. And I will request that our Lord send you another Messenger,11 Muhammad,12 so that he may be your guide always,
17. the Inspired One,13 the Truthful One14 (Al-Amin) whom the world at large will not welcome because it will not comprehend or appreciate him, but you (who believe he comes) will recognize him. He will dwell with you and (his message) will find place in your hearts. . . .
26. Muhammad,15 the Inspired One16 whom the Lord will send in my

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
THE ITALIAN "BARNABAS"

name (as my successor) will teach you everything and remind you of what I told you myself . . .

JOHN CHAPTER 16

7. I assure you that is is in your interest that I end my mission. For unless my mission is ended, the Messenger will not come to you, but if my mission is ended I open the way for him to come to you.
8. And when he comes he will show the world how wrong it was and show what wrong and right and judgment are . . .
13. When that one I have spoken to you about comes — the Inspired One, the Truthful One — he will guide you to the complete truth, since he will not be speaking of his own initiative, but will say only what he shall hear (from God) and he will inform you of things that are to come.
14. He will bring glory to me, since what he reveals to you will be a confirmation of my message.
(Translation copyright 1974 by author.)

It may be seen that there is no conflict between an unbiased translation of the Gospel of John and the Qur'an. A fabricated book like the Italian "Barnabas" is unnecessary for Muslims. At the same time, if the genuine Greek Gospel of Barnabas clarifies matters by use of the word PERIKLYTOS (Muhammad) is Jesus' prophecy of his successor, then this is the manuscript which Muslims should endeavor to find and bring to the attention of the world. Promoting the Italian "Barnabas", which any scholar can easily expose as no Gospel at all, will only make Muslims liable to ridicule.

Footnotes

1. Twentieth Century Encyclopedia of Catholicism, 1960, LXXII, 11.
2. James Hastings, Dictionary of the Bible (New York: Scribner's, 1963), p. 125.
3. Adam Peerbhai, Missing Documents from Gospel of Barnabas (Durban: Islamic Institute, 1967), pp. 2-4, 9-11. Also, The Gospel of Barnabas, Karachi: The Qur'an Council, reprinted 1973). Hereafter called "Barnabas", in quotes, representing the English translation of the Italian Ms.
4. "Barnabas", pp. 49, 82.
5. Cf. Amos 3:13 and 4:13 in any Hebrew Bible.
6. "Barnabas", p. 36.
7. Ibid., pp. 27, 39, etc.
8. Islam, 1(1):21, (April, 1974).
9. The Anchor Bible, (New York: Doubleday, 1970) XXIX-A, 650.
10. Islam, 1(1):1-13 (April, 1974).
11. For P-R-KL-TOS as Messenger, see Rudolf Bultmann, The Gospel of John, p. 567.

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
S. Shahid Mufassir

12. Reading P-R-KL-TOS as PERIKLYTOS. The original Greek text may well have contained both PARAKLETOS and PERIKLYTOS. Omission of a similar word in favor of another is not uncommon in the Greek New Testament.
13. Greek pneuma, one meaning of which is "possessor of a spiritual communication." (Green's Lexicon).
14. Greek aletheia corresponds with the Arabic amin. See Sanders & Mastin, The Gospel According to St. John, p. 83.
15. Reading P-R-KL-TOS as PERIKLYTOS.
16. According to ancient Syriac versions, which say simply "spirit" (or "inspired one",) not "holy spirit".

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
My greatest hope in this life is to pray in the Aqsa Mosque.
(Faisal b. 'Abdul-'Aziz)

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Ahmad Taha, Al-Azhar University, Cairo, Egypt

The Muslims and Jerusalem

The Second Islamic Summit, held in Lahore 22-24 February 1974, having considered the present situation in the Middle East, declared that Jerusalem is a unique symbol of the confluence of Islam with the sacred divine religions. For more than 1300 years, Muslims have held Jerusalem as a trust for all who vernerate it. Muslims alone could be its loving and impartial custodians for the simple reason that Muslims alone believe in all the three prophetic religions rooted in Jerusalem.

The Kings, Heads of States and Governments and the Representatives of the Islamic countries and organizations proclaimed that no agreement, protocol or understanding which postulates the continuance of Israeli occupation of the Holy Arab City of Jerusalem or its transfer to any non-Arab sovereignty or makes it the subject of bargaining or concessions will be acceptable to the Islamic countries. They decided that Israeli withdrawal from Jerusalem should be a paramount and unchangeable prerequisite for lasting peace in the Middle East.

The plain fact is that Jerusalem, the ancient capital of Palestine, enjoys the unique status of a Holy City for the three major world faiths, Islam, Christianity and Judaism. For the Arabs and Muslims, it is enough to recall that, according to the Qur'an, it was from Jerusalem that the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) began his famous nocturnal journey to

===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
THE MUSLIMS AND JERUSALEM

Heaven. This, was the place where the Prophet led the congregational prayer with all the Prophets. It is well to recall Jerusalem is regarded as the spiritual home of the Muslims next to Mecca and Medina. In the early days of Islam, it served as the first Qibla of the Muslims, for they used to pray towards Jerusalem when Muhammad still lived in Mecca. After the Prophet migrated to Medina, he continued to pray towards Jerusalem for 16 months, until he was directed to face towards Mecca.1,2

The Dome of the Rock stands on one of the most sacred spots in the world. It was built by Umayyad Caliph Abd al-Malik Ibn Marwan in 961 A.D. on the same site where Caliph 'Umar built his mosque of wood. The monument is of such noble beauty that it stands unrivalled in the real of sacred art. It is one of the two oldest and most impressive specimens of the early Muslim architecture, the other being the Grand Mosque of Damscuss which has remained intact to this day. The temple area or the Haram al-Shar-if, as it is called by the Arabs, has always been a place of great sanctity for the Muslims all over the world.

Jerusalem was captured by the Crusaders under Godfrey of Bouillon in July, 1099 A.D. who converted the mosque into a church and renamed it Templum Dominini. They even built an altar on the Rock. But Sultan Salahuddin, in October, 1187 A.D., recaptured it.3,4,5

After the death of the Sultan, Jerusalem remained under Muslim rule for 731 years. It was ruled in turn by the Ayubites, Mamlukes and finally the Ottomans until 1918, when it was captured by the British forces led by General Allenby.

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Ahmad Taha

Indeed, The Muslims can be proud of a record of thirteen centuries of toleration of all minorities, including the Jews, who were better treated in Muslim countries than anywhere else. The Arabs could also be proud of thirteen centuries of faithful custody of Christian holy places.

Even in 1917, General Allenby, upon entering the Old City of Jerusalem and being told that the Keys of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre had been kept for centuries by the Muslims for the daily opening and locking of the Church, observed that he could not be more than the Caliph 'Umar, and therefor the keys should continue to be in the hands of the Arab Muslims.

During the Arab Muslim rule in Palestine followers of all three faiths had free access to their holy places and enjoyed complete freedom of worship. Zionists were forbidden access only between 1948 and 1967 because of the state of war between Jordan and Israel; other jews were not barred from visiting Jerusalem and the Wailing Wall.6

Footnotes

1. Tafsir of Ibn Kathir, Beirut, 1969, Vol. I pp. 192-193.
2. Tefsir of Qurtubi, Cairo, 1967; Vol. II, p. 158.
3. Encyclopedia Britanica, 1970, Vol. XII, pp. 1006-1010.
4. Encyclopedia of Islam, Vol. II pp. 1094-1104.
5. H.G. Wells, Short History of the World, 1962. p. 195.
6. Report on Jerusalem submitted by the Delegation of Jordan to "International Conference of Parliamentarians on the Middle East Crisis", Cairo, February, 2-5, 1970; The Palestinian problem. p. 37.

===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
The "Third International Theory" is not a new theory but has been purposely called so for it, partly, screens out the drawbacks of the other two theories now in practice in the world, namely, capitalism and communism, and, partly, because it urges Mankind for a return to God by adopting a third path, different from the two existing ones.

===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi, Chief of State, Libyan Arab Republic

Islam & World Governments: The Third International Theory

IN THE NAME OF ALLAH, THE MOST COMPASSIONATE, MOST MERCIFUL

In a world where tensions and conflicts abound and in which materialism, whether capitalist or communist, is blinding human beings from the spiritual values of life, a comeback to religion is now gaining momentum.

Life on earth, being as it is, a preparation for the hereafter has stopped to be so in the absence of a genuine religious drive. Man, all through the world, is now working as if he were to exist on earth forever. He has ostensibly set aside spiritual values, the result of which is that he is drifting away in a whirlpool of materialistic values. God, apparently, is being deliberately or unconsciously forgotten . . .

State policies, in their turn, are simply inspired nowadays by mundane and materialistic objectives. Social and economic interrelations among humans are subsequently suffering. Man, today, is groping his way towards complete loss sacrificing his age-old spiritual security and happiness for some few moments of satisfaction he succeeds to snatch every now and then.

In olden times when religion was supreme, there were no man-made theories. Only religion — the divine theory — predominated, and in its shade, man knew happiness and security for he duly felt he was the successor of God on earth. However, human self-conceit and other factors have put the veils on our eyes. Serfdom at one time, was institutionalized and gained sway.

Physical force was instrumental to subdue the freeborn individual and, when conflict of interests increased among the masters, they agreed to replace serfdom with the feudal system. Riches on the earth became the instruments of power as the feudal lords possessed not only the land but also the lives of men working within the confines of this property. In the meantime inter-human exploitation spread in the cities, at first, in a limited way, during the pre-industrial Revolution Age, and, then world-wide after James Watt's discovery of steam.

The Church, too, had its part in exploiting Man, and flagrantly digressing from true Christianity in the era of the Borgias, began to sell indulgence bonds for the remission of temporal and especially purgatorial punishment.

===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
THE THIRD INTERNATIONAL THEORY

Clergymen, in the Age of Decadence, were notorious feudal lords, who committed abuses of power as well as other forms of exploitation. Protestantism, a movement which caused a schism within the church, failed to reform the clergy who kept digressing from true Christianity. The Inquisition era is also a saliant –digression from Christian tolerance.

Islam, Judaism and even the other non-heavenly creeds have also passed through their own setbacks. But, Islam, for one, has suffered no distortions in its Holy Book though there is a general consensus that some Muslims have had their abuses which caused gross injury to Muslims at large. However, Judaism had been flagrantly distored to suit the purposes of Zionism. The distortions, it is noted, occurred in the Bible and in the Gospels while, in Islam, only the misbehaviour of some Muslims is detected. (see this issue).

Screening back the evolution of history, it is found that theoricians like David Ricardo and Adam Smith, began to interpret life in terms of capitalist thinking. Of course, Man tried to revolt against exploitation. Theoretically, humanitarian thinkers, philosophers and economists, like St. Simon, Owen, Lasalle and Proudhon appeared and, tried, in their own way, to establish a utopian society of their own. Practically, however, a true mass revolution took place in the year 1789 in France, calling for Liberty, Fraternity and Equality, but this outburst was short-lived as France reverted to militarism to spread its empire.

The communist theory emerged in the year 1848 in a manifesto entirely based on dialectical materialism, which maintains that the basis of reality is constantly changing in a dialectical process giving the priority of matter over mind and metaphysics. This ideology was aimed, in fact, to be against inter-human exploitation but it appeared to be a theory that disregards spiritual values and leaves Man erring astray.

Be all that as it is, the First of September Revolution in the Libyan Arab Republic feels it is its duty to remind Mankind of the necessity for a comeback to God. For humanity, as a whole, is now in dire need for a new path which is to take us back to our religions and to God who created us to be His successors on earth.

The "Third International Theory" is not a new theory but has been purposely called so for it, partly, screens out the drawbacks of the other two theories now in practice in the world, namely, capitalism and communism, and, partly, because it urges Mankind for a return to God by adopting a third path, different from the two existing ones.

From the beginning, it should be said that the Third International Theory is not a theory in the literal sense of the word, nor are its dimensions yet shaped in the Libyan Arab Republic to enable it to answer Man's

===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi

day-to-day questions.

However, it is the path of truth. It is not man-made as it is based on religion and, on the divine concept of Islam, specifically. It is not like the common theory liable to change by revocation or change. However, peoples look at the truth from different angles but, truth, in itself, remains always one, immortal and unchangeable because it is a transcendent fundamental and spiritual reality. Therefore, the "Third Theory" is not the exclusive property of any particular nation for it is not expounded for the benefit of a specific group. It is not also a kind of philosophical or ideological thinking for, unlike philosophy and ideology, it does not stop at political limits, the limits of nations and peoples.

In this theory, a humanitarian concept for the seventies and the years to come is being expounded. One aspect of this concept is the enunciation of a firm belief in the reality of existence and its dynamics. Many famous thinkers and philosophers sought for this reality but failed to find it. The reality of existence is not a riddle or a problem to all believers in religion who admit that they are part of that existence, and, being so, cannot transcend to comprehend the intricacies of existence which is a whole, partially closed before the eyes of individual parts.

God, The Creator of the Universe, is the super-human and supra-national deity. He has revealed Himself to us through one religion, namely Islam, In fact, Prophet Muhammad was not the bearer of Islam for Islam, in the divine concept, existed long before him. Other heavenly messages preceded Muhammad's message, they had their prophets too also entrusted with messages calling humanity to the path of truth.

But, at one time, the peoples of the earth got confused and thought that Muhammad's message was Islam. Henceforth, they distinguished themselves as Muslims, while the followers of Jesus-Christ called themselves Christians and the followers of Moses Jews.

That distinction bred contempt and enmity among the followers of the various heavenly messages which all emerge from Allah and are, therefore, Islam proper.

To explain this, in clear-cut terms, we have to dwell on a human interpretation of the divine concept of Islam. This interpretation adopts the following logic:--

1. If all three monotheistic religions emerge from one God, is it then reasonable that these messages contradict with themselves. Of course, there should be no contradictions since the source is one. Therefore, unity exists among all three heavenly messages and this unity in truth is an indisputable reality.

===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
THE THIRD INTERNATIONAL THEORY

2. However, since all three heavenly messages emerge from one source, why then did they not come all at one and the same time? -- Man, being weak by nature, always succumbs to lusts and temptations, and, consequently, lacks wisdom and determination. God being all-loving for His creatures, decided to forward to them more than one prophet to guide them to the right path, the path of truth. Whenever humanity digressed, God forwarded one of his prophets to bring Mankind back to reason and to the one true religion. Moreover, Man, being unable to absorb God's teachings in one dose, needed to be reminded intermittently by God's prophets of the one and only message of truth.

3. Why did God consent to Islam being the only religion for His creatures? -- Because Islam is the last heavenly religion which completes the two previous ones.

4. Islam is the seal of all other religions and Muhammad is the last of the prophets. This is because the Holy Qur'an came out as a detailed constitution for Man's spiritual and temporal life.

Meanwhile, misinterpretation of the divine concept leads the Jews, for instance, to consider themselves God's "chosen people". This man-made interpretation, is erroneous for it is based on an egotistic principle entitling the Jews to acquire everything for them and deprive all non-Jews from what is good.

Such being the case, the Third International Theory is based on Islam, in its divine and non-fanatical concept. Religion, it is noted, is the most vital necessity for Man without which he would simply err in life. Even the atheist who seems unaware of religion has a religion of his own. The communist, outside his official work, may be a fervent or a non-fervent Orthodox.

But, religion is humanly conceived in a dual way: a correct conception and a deviationist one. In its correct sense, religion is submission to divine guidance which organizes the relation of Man with his God, with other men and with himself. If conceived from this angle, happiness will prevail over the world and in the hereafter.

On the other hand, religion, in its deviationist sense, is a mixture of feelings, including cruelty, fanaticism, materialism, selfishness and submission to natural phenomena.

The Third International Theory adheres to the correct conception of religion and believes in the universality of Islam as it is a religion that provides answers to every minute question whether it is earthly or spiritual.

Therefore, the Third Theory is the only path capable of uprooting falsehood as it is based on morals, ideals and values. It is also capable of

===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi

putting an end to man's slavery to materialistic objectives as it considers all men God's creatures, all being equal, gaining preference only through piety.

The Libyan Arab republic is dedicating itself to the benefit of truth, freedom and peace in the world. It does not simply raise this slogan but puts it in implementation. The nationalism it practices is not at all aggressive because a quick look at its development programmes on the home front will promptly divert you from reaching such a naive conclusion. It is assiduously trying to establish bridges of confidence among members of Mankind, and towards this end, it is actively helping all its brothers in humanity to get rid of oppression and colonialism. If it succeeds to base its relations on mutual confidence, and ascertain the integrity of its intentions, beliefs, initiatives, attitudes, as well as the solidity of the ground on which we stand, the 1st of September Revolution will play the role of a catalyst in promoting worldwide efforts to surmount the obstacles created by the materilistic look, by governments and by worldly politics and sophistications.

The Theory it expounds is a humanitarian and not an aggressive theory because Arab nationalism, on which it rests, is not at all agressive as it does not survive at the expense of others. However, adepts of this Theory cannot trust a non-religious man because the latter is not bound to any moral value that will make him stick to a principle or an agreement.

The only interpretation of history accepted by the adepts of the Third Theory is only based on both religion and nationalism. God has created us and scattered us into different nations in order to get acquainted with each other and not to fight and quarrel with each other. None of us can do without these two paramount factors, which, if used properly, can help us solve our problems. True believers in God cannot attack other peoples, rob them of their freedom and enslave them, for this is inequity which cannot be committed by men who fear God. But those who went astray and, deliberately or unconsciously, abandoned religion, have no such consideration. To them might is right. Big powers attack other countries or milk their resources dry in disregard of any ethical obligations.

As for the economic aspects of the Third Theory, we may say that it seeks solutions for Man's economic problems in true socialism.

Socialism, in that sense, is not at all communism, nor is it, in fact, another naming for it. Islam provides for the realization of social justice and equity. It does not give the right to any rich person to use his wealth as an instrument of oppression. Limitation of property means, in Islam, that whenever oppression resulting from excessive wealth arises, the State becomes entitled to curb it, whether through expropriation, nationalization, progressive income tax or any other suitable measures. However, property

===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
THE THIRD INTERNATIONAL THEORY

may continue to be free if it causes no harm. But wealth and property should not be allowed to co-exist in one society. In such a case, the Government is entitled to enact relevant laws which would provide for taking away from the rich to give to the poor, likewise the Third Theory stands against exploiting capitalism. The capitalists in the United States induce their government to create areas of tension so they can find an opening to market U.S. manufactured weapons and keep the warfare machinery in operation.

Women in both the East and West have been employed in jobs against their human nature to earn money. Many other forms of exploitation has subdued man and turned him away from God.

Anxiety among the Northern societies (both East and West) leads Man to commit suicide. Suicide in Southern societies (majorly third World countries) is uncommon. Drugs and alcoholic drinks though harmful to Man are being increasingly used in societies which have, deliberately or unconsciously, abandoned religion.

Here, in the Libyan Arab republic, a popular and cultural revolution is now under way. It is an extension of the 1st September Revolution of 1969. Three years were necessary to pave the way before the day when the masses take over genuine power in their hands.

In Libya, a new and pioneering experience is being nation-wide launched. In each village, oasis, city, school, university or organization, People's Committees have been set up.

These committees entitle the masses to govern themselves by themselves and start a veritable change. The popular revolution is, in fact, an operation which consists of destroying everything harmful and untrue, and building anew a society which adheres to the principles of the Third International Theory and to the tasks and objectives set forth by the 1st of September Revolution.

All misleading and dubious thoughts, imported from both East and West, reactionary thoughts and all obstructionist elements are being wiped out.

Only the thought which emerges from Islam, which is a true expression of Arabism, humanitarianism, socialism and progress, should prevail. All those who look down at the people, owing to their positions or grades, are being trampled underfoot in an unbloody purge.

Freedom is being enjoyed here by the working masses; it is not monopolized by any class or group of people. Exploitation, in all its shades, is nation-wide banned. No place in this society exists for the hypocrite, opportunist, regionalist, separatist or member of a political party.

In that sense, the Libyan Arab Republic is exerting every possible effort to create a model society, abiding by the precepts of Islam and humanitarian and spiritual values.

===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
O Allah

Day after day
  I must face a world of strangers where I don't belong,
I'm not that strong,

It's nice to know
  that there's someone I can turn to who will always care,
You're always there,

When there's no getting over that rainbow,
When my smallest of dreams won't come true,
I can take all the madness the world has to give,
But I won't last a day without you.

So many times
  when the city seems to be without a friendly face,
A lonely place,

It's nice to know
  that you'll be there if I need you and you'll always smile,
It's all worth while,

Touch me and I end up singing,
Troubles seem to up and disappear,
You touch me with the love you're bringing,
I can't really lose when you're near,

When you're near my love,
If all my friends have forgotten half their promises
  they're not unkind,
Just hard to find.

One look at you
And I know that I could learn to live without the rest,
I found the best,

When there's no getting over that rainbow,
When my smallest of dreams won't come true,
I can take all the madness the world has to give,
But I won't last a day without you.

(Adapted without alteration from a popular American song. Lyrics by Paul Williams, Music by Roger Nichols, Copyright (c) by Almo Music Corp.)

===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
Khurshid Ahmad, Director of The Islamic Foundation, London, United Kingdom

Propagation of Islam: The Basic Principles

This is the first contribution to this journal by Professor Khurshid Ahmad. Although most readers would be familiar with Professor Ahmad's tireless efforts on behalf of Islam, a brief introduction is in order for the benefit of the general readership. Dr. Ahmad is a former professor of economy at Karachi University and, later, at Lester University (England). He has written a number of books dealing with various Islamic topics, and has served as editor for several Islamic journals. Professor Ahmad is a well-known speaker at Islamic conferences around the globe. In this article, he summarizes his long and valuable experience as propagator of Islam in non-Muslim societies.

Movement is a law of nature. Life itself is symbolized by action, effort and movement. In a world that is ever-changing, one has to move even to remain in the same place. What is true of the world of nature is even more true for the individual and social life of man. Islam is fully cognizant of this situation and provides for the efficient operation of this life-mechanism. A number of provisions have been made to make the principle of movement operative in the socio-moral life of the Community of Islam. Da'wah is one such principle. It constitutes a built-in mechanism that keeps the community as well as the individuals who compose it, active and upright, ensures the moral health of the individual and the community, and acts as a corrective force and a blessing for the whole of mankind.

Da'wah literally means call or invitation. In Islamic terminology it connotes the invitation addressed to mankind by Allah and his prophets to believe in Islam, the true religion, the religion of all prophets. The message of the prophets is universal and this invitation is addressed to all without any discrimination. The only valid differentiation between human beings, according to Islam, is based on their response to this Da'wah: those who believe in it or refuse to accept it.

Islam: Faith, Community or Movement.

All the prophets were raised to convey Islam to their People, and Muhammad

===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
Khurshid Ahmad

(peace be upon him) is the last of these prophets. He presented this divine guidance in its complete and final form. He invited the entire human race to follow the path of Allah and has been a mercy and a blessing to them all. The mission of the prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was to provide this complete guidance to mankind and to establish a community and a movement to act as its standard-bearer. The Muslim Community has been assigned the same role vis-a-vis the rest of the world as the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was assigned to perform in respect of them.

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

Thus we appointed you a moderate and moderating Ummah, that you may be witnesses (of Truth) to the people and that the Prophet may be a witness to you.

The mission of the Prophet has been incorporated into the historical role of the Ummah. This has been achieved through two major factors: the preservation of the Qur'an, which embodies the divine guidance and of the example of the Prophet (peace be upon him); and the assignment of the missionary role to the Ummah as its primary function. This responsibility rests on each and every believer and not merely on any one class or group of people. It is the common believer who has been primarily charged with this responsibility, and this is a unique feature of Islam. The moral health of the Muslim Community and of society at large depends on the continuation of these roles and responsibilities.

Da'wah: The Islamic Concept

Islam is the religion for man. It is the embodiment of that code of life, that guidance, which the Creator of the Universe has revealed for the benefit of mankind. Its primary concern is to build correct relationships between God and man as well as among men.

Faith represents one's commitment to God -- a commitment to think, feel and live with the awareness of the Lord, to bring his will into harmony with the Divine Will and to strive to make His will supreme in the world. Islam awakens a new consciousness in man and gives him a new outlook on life. Equipped with this new outlook, he joins a community of faith and participates in a movement, a collective effort, to reconstruct human life and society. Islam stands, not for life-denial, but for life-fulfillment. It presents a program for the radical transformation of man and society in
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:143] wa-kadhalika ja'alnakum ummatan wasatan litakunu shuhada'a 'ala al-nasi wa-yakuna al-rasulu 'alaykum shahidan

===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
PROPAGATION OF ISLAM

the light of the basic concepts of the Unity of God (Tawhid) and the equality of all people. It gives an integrated view of man: moral and material, and spiritual and temporal, are welded into an indivisible whole. It refuses to divide life rigidly into the things of this world and those of the next; it regards the two as extensions of one another and invites man to enjoy the best of this world and the best of the hereafter.

In our own times the Islamic Da'wah has quite often been presented in ways that leave much to be desired. For a host of reasons, some historical, some otherwise, the system which Muslims had evolved for Da'wah was particularly disrupted over the last two centuries. Whatever partial efforts were made to restore some kind of a system remained of limited effectiveness. The rise of Imperialist powers and their political sway over most of the Muslim lands dealt a severe blow to the old arrangement. Christian missions, and later on Communist onslaughts provoked some reaction. However, these efforts mostly were directed to meet specific challenges. Consequently, they not only remained (basically) negative, but also became over-obsessed with the issues raised by these foreign intruders. This distorted the perspective.

It is therefore, necessary that the concept of Da'wah, as it emerges from the Qur'an and Sunnah should be clearly understood.

1. Islam is not the national religion of the Muslim. It is the eternal religion. Muhammad (peace be upon him) is not the author of Islam. Allah has revealed essentially the same religion through all His prophets. Thus the prophets Abraham, Isaac, Ismael, David, Joseph, Moses, and Jesus (peace and blessings on them) invited man to follow the path of Islam and no other. The followers of these prophets did not safeguard their teachings with the result that some of the message was lost while in the rest of it the Word of God and the word of man were mixed up. (see insert from the St. Louis Post Dispatch of January 10, 1975).

Muhammad (peace be upon him) was raised to reveal the same path in its pristine purity and to restore and finalize God's message to all humanity.

The Qur'an is the superceding guardian (Muhaimin) of the doctrine revealed to all the prophets. Muslims believe in all the prophets and we are not allowed to play one off against the other. We invite all people to discover their real religion. The teaching of the Qur'an is to make them eschew all national or racial prejudices and join this universal community of faith. The first principle of Islamic Da'wah is to emphasize this common feature and to ignore all national antagonisms. They are not our concern at all.

===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
Khurshid Ahmad

2. Secondly Islam is a complete way of life, and not a scheme of partial reform. It deals with the whole of man, his spiritual, moral, personal and social existence. It offers guidance on every aspect of human life. It aims at spiritual, moral, material and social reconstruction of human society. It tries to change man from within and to enable this new man to create a just and harmonious society. It neither neglects the spiritual, nor the material dimensions of life. The moral ideal of Islam seeks realization in the shape of a God-conscious man operating in a moral society -- with its social, economic, political, national and international relations emanating from the basis of truth and justice. It is this complete and integrated view of Islam as a way of life that deserves to be projected in Daw'wah.

3. The Islamic Da'wah is to be presented through word and deed at individual and social levels. It is a misconception that Da'wah would be complete or fully effective merely by spreading the knowledge of Islam. The teachings of Islam must be disseminated but this should be accompanied by setting a true Islamic example, individually as well as collectively. The Qur'an emphasizes that a prophet is the first believer; he lives according to what he preaches. That is why his words are a source of knowledge and his actions are a model for behavior. Conformity between word and deed, particularly in the context of Da'wah, has been stressed by the Qur'an. It is therefore a fundamental principle that Muslims in making efforts toward Da'wah must also set a good example to the rest of the community. It follows that Da'wah is not merely for non-believers. It is equally important for believers and non-believers; it consists in efforts to Islamise the Muslims and to convey Islam to the non-Muslims.

4. Another principle of Da'wah is to carefully examine the circumstances in which the message is being delivered. The message is universal but it should be presented in such a way that its relevance to the situation is fully realized. Moreover, the problems of the society are to be approached in such a way that the evil is attacked at its roots, not merely at the level of symptoms. This becomes very clear when we try to study in the Qur'an the way in which different prophets conveyed their basic message. All of them tried to go to the root of the problem -- whether a people acknowledge the sovereignty of God or not. In the last analysis everything follows from this fundamental outlook. That is why every prophet tried to correct the relationship between God and man. But along with this he took issue with his people in the light of their situation. Prophets Solomon and Moses (peace be upon them) took up the question of magic. Prophet Lut focused on the sexual morality of his people. Prophet Shu'aib invited them to establish economic justice. Prophet Moses concerned himself with the political and cultural servitude of the Children of Israel.

===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
PROPAGATION OF ISLAM

Prophet Joseph looked into the management of the state and its economy. And in respect of each of their problem-areas they showed how the establishment of a proper relationship with God on the correct foundations would help them solve their problems. From this we may infer that the Da'wah should not only take note of the specific problems of the society in which it is being given but should also go deeper and show how a fundamental transformation of outlook is a precondition to the solution of these problems.

5. Da'wah is not merely a system of communication with the outside world, it also includes the evolution of a system of training -- of Tarbiyah and Yazkiyah -- so that the mechanism for absorption and consolidation should operate along with the machinery for contact and expansion. This is essential for the maintenance and improvement of the moral health of the community itself.

6. The ideal form for Da'wah is that the entire community should be organized on the principle of Khilafah 'ala-Minhaj-al-Nabuwwah (caliphate patterned after the Prophet's life). Under this system the Ummah can attain optimum effectiveness, within and without. The collective system would be a model of Islam. This is the most effective way. But if this is not so, as is the situation today, then on the one hand efforts should be made to establish this system, and on the other, whoever is conscious of the missionary responsibilities of the Ummah should engage in this task individually as well as through organized effort.

It is in pursuance of this principle that efforts at Da'wah are being made by muslims in different parts of the world.

7. Another principle is that Da'wah should be presented in a most carefully diplomatic way. The Qur'an says:

[Arabic verse]

Invite others to the way of your Lord with wisdom and gentle admonition and debate with them in the best possible manner.

In the Qur'an and Sunnah ample light has been thrown upon certain methodological aspects of Da'wah. Inter alia the following deserve careful consideration.

(i) Those methods should not be used which may inflame the combative passions of the addressees, dim their sense of perception or provoke prejudiced retaliation.

(ii) If you are wronged, try to rectify the situation by resorting to good means. "And good and evil are not alike. Repel (evil) with a compassionate response."
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 16:125] ud'u ila sabili rabbika bil-hikmati wal-maw'izatil-hasanati wa-jadilhum billati hiya ahsan

===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
Khurshid Ahmad

(iii) The efforts should be made with patience and perseverance. The Qur'anic term for this mode of behaviour is Sabr, which implies (a) patience in the sense of being thorough and devoted; (b) constancy, perseverence, steadfastness and firmness of purpose; (c) planned and systematic effort with a realization of phases and grades involved; (d) confidence and belief in the mission itself; (e) a cheerful attitude of acceptance and understanding in sorrow, defeat or suffering and of humble restraint and thankfulness to God in happiness, success and achievement. Sabr is the principle of constructive dynamism and of calculated effort in the path of Da'wah.

(iv) To adopt a rational and thoughtful approach and to resort to informed discussion and cool debate. In this respect it is suggested that one should make use of all available knowledge, the most reliable sources.

(v) To be aware of the psychology of the people, their receptivity and responsiveness. Da'wah is not a unilateral process with one way traffic only. It should involve a meaningful dialogue, to be pursued with care, wisdom and patience. The element of time and different quantitative and qualitative consideration should be kept in view.

(vi) The message should be clearly expressed in the language of the people, the crucial importance of the Arabic language not withstanding. This is essential so that they feel at home with the message and are able to follow it.

(vii) Efforts should be made to benefit from the latest and most appropriate techniques of contact and communication. The best possible technology should be used in the service of the Da'wah.

(viii) The process of Da'wah should be properly graduated. We must be clear about our priorities. Fundamentals must have precedence over details. Faith should be the first target. It is only through attainment of faith that the road to Islamic life can be followed. Obligatory duties should come before non-obligatory ones. The objectives and general principles of the Shari'ah should come before its minutia. Sectarian differences should be avoided at all levels and emphasis placed upon the essentials and on the areas of agreement. No effort should be made to achieve everything all at once. The wisdom behind the piece-meal revelation of the Qur'an was that society adopts Islam step by step and gets firmly rooted in it through a gradual process.

===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
PROPAGATION OF ISLAM

[Newspaper clipping reproduced in the article:]

Fri., Jan. 10, 1975 -- ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

Pioneer Reform Judaism Commentary On Torah To Be Published Next Week

By David E. Anderson, UPI Religion Writer

The first volume of a new, liberal commentary on the Torah -- the first five books of the Bible -- which challenges the view that the Torah is the Word of God will be published next week.

The commentary is the first to be produced by Reform Judaism and the only such work ever published in North America.

Volume 1 of the commentary, which is being published by the Union of American Hebrew Congregations and is expected to be the standard Torah commentary for the nation's 1,100,000 Reform Jews, deals with the book of Genesis. It was written by Rabbi Gunther Plaut of Holy Blossom Temple in Toronto.

"Our commentary disagrees with traditional interpreters over divine origin and Mosaic authorship," Plaut said, "But it does agree with them on treating the text as it is, a unified whole for it was approached this way by many generations and, in this way, it has made its impact on history"

Most Orthodox Jews and Fundamentalist Christians believe the books of Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy were written by Moses through direct verbal inspiration from God.

Plaut, however, in his introductory essay to the commentary, argues that the Torah "is a human book composed by men."

He also argues that it is "A book about man's understanding of an experience with God" and, citing the ancient Jews' oral tradition which resulted in divergent views about God and man, said "these stand side by side in the book and tell us of our ancestors changing and developing beliefs.

"In this sense, then, the book is not by God but by a people . . . it is ancient Israel's distinctive record of its search for God."

===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
Khurshid Ahmad

Footnotes

1. Qur'an, 42:13, 111, 84.
2. Qur'an, 5:3.
3. Quran, 21:107.
4. Quran, 2:143. Also 22:78.
5. Qur'an, 3:104 and 110.
6. "What monks have been to the expansion of Budhism, traders and merchants have been to that of Islam. The faith of the Prophet Muhammad (570-632) makes no provision for an ordained clerical or monastic body which could assume the main responsibility for missions as is the case with Christianity and Budhism. Rather the missionary task (has fallen) to the lot of the ordinary believer, and perhaps by consequence, he has generally been more effective in this work than have his counterparts in other religions." Encyclopedia Americana (International Edition): New York: American Corporation 1965 Vol. XIX, p. 229.
7. See Understanding Islam -- F. Schuon, London: Allen & Unwin 1963, p. 13.
8. See Reconstruction of Religious Thoughts in Islam -- S.M. Iqbal. Ch: "Spirit of Islamic Culture".
9. Qur'an, 2:201.
10. Qur'an, 2:128, 132; 3:52, 67; 5:111; 10:90; 1:101; 22:78; 27:31, 38, 42, 91; 28:53; 39:12; 46:15; 51:36.
11. Qur'an, 5:48.
12. Qur'an, 111:64.
13. Qur'an, 7:143.
14. Qur'an, 39:12.
15. Qur'an, 33:21.
16. Qur'an, 2:44, 41:2-3.
17. Qur'an, 4:136, 41:10-11.
18. Qur'an, 3:104, 9:122.
19. Qur'an, 16:125.
20. Qur'an, 6:108.
21. Qur'an 41:34.

===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
Professor M. Farid Wajdi

ISLAM: Its Mission in the World

3. DECLARATION OF UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD OF NATIONS

Of all his achievements as writer, editor of Nour-el-Islam, and Professor at Al-Azhar University, Dr. Wajdi is better known for his famous Qur'anic commentary. This series of articles, which were written by him in Arabic, promises to be a most cherished feature by ALL readers of Islam.

Following the proclamation that it is the true Faith, and the inculcation of the twofold basis of human nature and pure reason on which it was founded, Islam sought to introduce a momentous social reform requisite for a great civilization which The Lord has willed Islam to establish on earth. This momentous reform was the calling of mankind to universal brotherhood. For though Islam did not differ, in its doctrinal principles, from the message revealed to previous Prophets, yet it was favoured by certain circumstances which anterior religions lacked. Intercourse between nations was so difficult that it was well-nigh impossible to bring them all together to one universal religion. This privilege was destined by The Lord to be granted to Islam in whose time intercourse between nations was rendered feasible. The Divine Wisdom has seen fit to afford it all the qualifications and advantages which make it a universal religion fitted for all times and climes.

Was the world then at the advent of Muhammad in need of a violent blow from heaven to urge it to unity, or a wrathful cry from on high to stop the misguided in their career of sin and aberration?

We may well leave the answer of this question to a foreigner, the great French orientalist Monsieur Jules Le Baum. In the introduction to his index of the Holy Qur'an, he described the world's conditions prior to the advent of Muhammad in the following terms:

At about the time when Muhammad was born, the world was seething with trouble and unrest.

He then began to detail the generalities of this statement pointing to the animosity and contention which raged fiercely between nations:

The world's atmosphere was charged with fierce vibrations. Evil was more counted upon than good and the minds of men were not at rest. The chiefs who won most of the confidence of the people, were those

===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
M. Farid Wajdi

who raised the strongest war-cry. Only one argument touched the hearts and made strong though passing convictions: the booty, despoiling of nations, cities, lords, men of arms, poor labourers and even simple mendicants.

Had it not been for the small light which flickered in the depths of some cells of cenobites, and for some philosophic principles sheltered from the raging storms and transmitted from soul to soul by the bold apostles of progress, barbarism, accelerated in its march by the arrogance of the masters of brutal force, would have become pure savagery.

After long dwelling on the condition that then prevailed, the writer said:

It was during those sad circumstances, and in that heavily charged atmosphere, that Muhammad Ibn 'Abdallah, was born on the 29th of August 570.

Indeed! the Arab nation itself was no less divided and contending than the rest of the world. Through tribal division, it formed a collection of antagonistic communities which knew no peace and were for ever on the war-path. The Arabian Peninsula was a vast battlefield on which all the dictates of love and mercy were completely ignored so much so that a man was to clout his sandal from the very skin of his enemy after having him slain and mutilated.

It was in that chaotic era, in that atmosphere of stygian darkness and ruthlessness, that The Lord bade Muhammad to raise high the standard of universal brotherhood and to establish for mankind the foundation of that unity. The Lord's saying was thus revealed to him:

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

O, mankind, We have created you all from Adam and Eve, and We have made you into peoples and tribes that you might know one another. Verily the best among you, in the sight of Allah, is the most pious; Allah is all-knowing and cognisant of your innermost thoughts. (49:13)

The Arabs among whom this high and noble principle was preached, were most proud of lineage and boastful of forefathers. Each tribe claimed the greatest honour for itself in that respect and so much indeed had this tendency been exaggerated among them that they were wont to establish the pedigree of their camels and horses to raise them thereby above all others of their kind. The reader may well imagine their disdain for other distant peoples and tribes differing from them in colour, language and traditions.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 49:13] ya ayyuha al-nasu inna khalaqnakum min dhakarin wa-untha wa-ja'alnakum shu'uban wa-qaba'ila lita'arafu inna akramakum 'inda Allahi atqakum inna Allaha 'alimun khabir

===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
ISLAM: ITS MISSION IN THE WORLD

Yet the Lord had sent the last of His Prophets with this high principle to call them thereunto even though he evoked derision and was not heeded by the ignorant ones:

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

Wherefore proclaim what you have been bidden and heed not what the polytheists say. (15:94)

The mere declaration of this noble principle in a world in which everything urged to discord and disunion is in itself a mighty evidence of its divine origin, for indeed the philosopher's mind, no matter how high it soars, could never have overstepped its bounds as to conceive such a universal principle at a time in which circumstances urged to its very reverse!

This universal brotherhood proclaimed by Islam may well be considered a herald of a new era in the history of nations, and a prelude to further universal Qur'anic principles calculated to achieve the unification of human views and objects.

We could not however leave off this subject without alluding to the beauty of the convincible style in which this great principle, like every other principle preached by the Holy Qur'an, is couched.

The Lord has first called the attention of mankind. Then He reminded them of the origin from which they have come advancing thereby the proof before the facts, a procedure which is acknowledged as the highest of rhetorical and convincible styles. For indeed who could deny that all men, despite their difference in environment, color and mode of life, are the sons of Adam and Eve?

This reminder which overrode all the barriers raised by men and trampled over the prevailing customs and traditions which have long caused it to fall into abeyance, urges the souls to listen attentively to what is to follow, and thus prepared, the souls are apprised with the object of this reminder, namely that The Lord has made men into peoples and tribes so that they might know one another, live amicably together, cooperate in smoothing down the hardships of life and strive to attain the welfare and prosperity of the human community at large.

This will put an end to contention which leads to war and can only result in destruction. War is a ceaseless strife and victory oscillates from one nation to another and should war be waged for purely material ends, it will only serve to fill the hearts with hatred and increase the desire for vengeance.

All this will lead to the repudiation of law and order and eventually to the disruption of the whole social structure throughout the world. The
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 15:94] fa-sda' bima tu'maru wa-a'rid 'ani al-mushrikin

===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
M. Farid Wajdi

vital forces of nations will be spent in conspiracies and intrigues and the anticipation of defeat for one another. Should such a spirit prevail, the world will be thrown into a vast battlefield in which the sword is forever unsheathed and man is maddened beyond recall.

But what if that terrible state were changed into universal brotherhood and peace?

Would not the moral forces of nations be directed to the end for which they were created: the establishment of universal good throughout the world?

It is here that the mind conceives the greatness of this principle and is urged by the force of this conception to accept it unhesitatingly were it not for the vestiges of traditional partisanship which influence every people to claim that it is the most worthy of honour and leadership and that its race is the greatest among human races while others should remain in bondage as vassals thereto.

Here the second great principle of the Qur'anic verse comes forward:

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

Verily, the best among you, in the sight of Allah, is the most pious; Allah is all-knowing and cognisant of your innermost thoughts.

By "the most pious among you," is meant the one who fears Allah most and fully carries out His commandments taking Him for a pattern so that he may be His vicegerent on earth.

It was with this high principle that racial partisanship was laid low, and nationalism was extirpated from its very roots.

Social differences fell to pieces and nothing remained which could obstruct the desire of men to live together in brotherly co-operation, except the tendency to contention which has become well-nigh instinctive in some souls on account of the misguided teachings and pernicious traditions in which they were steeped.

It is the mission of Islam to exterminate such taints and purge the hearts of men of their pernicious effects by the inculcation and the propagation of its teaching with every fair means:

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

Let there be from among you a people who call unto Islam, enjoin the good and forbid the evil and those will be afforded complete success.

And now that we have come to this point, some one might raise an objection: If Islam calls to universal brotherhood of nations as well as to universal
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 49:13] inna akramakum 'inda Allahi atqakum inna Allaha 'alimun khabir
[Qur'an 3:104] wal-takun minkum ummatun yad'una ila al-khayri wa-ya'muruna bil-ma'rufi wa-yanhawna 'ani al-munkari wa-ula'ika humu al-muflihun

===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
ISLAM: ITS MISSION IN THE WORLD

unity and peace among men so that they may devote themselves to attain personal and social perfection, then why did it have recourse to war? Why did it seek expansion in neighbouring countries? and why did it flood near and distant people the way it did? Why did it not content itself with evidence and proof in calling those people to its cause? And why did it not seek to win their approval by mere conviction and good example?

Our answer to this objection is that Islam is primarily a religion which conforms to the laws of nature as well as to the social factors governing life. Up to the advent of Islam, those laws and factors required a certain amount of a force, otherwise the mission of Islam would have been a failure and no trace would have been left of it.

On account of the open prohibition of war ordained by Christianity it continued in a weak condition for over three hundred years. The Roman Emperors were wont to put to death all its adherents, dismember them while they still lived and hunt them down wherever they went.

When Constantine, whose mother had embraced Christianity, and secretly brought him up as a Christian, came to the throne, he used force to propagate this religion and gave orders to pull down the pagan temples and forced people, under penalty of torture, to embrace it. The ascendancy of Christianity goes back to that date and for the very same reason, it is firmly established up to this day in many parts of the world.

Should Islam have contented itself with preaching without having recourse to force, it would have been restricted within the Peninsula and the unbelievers would have forced its adherents to forsake it.

Even if it were spared annihilation, Islam would have found itself in a similar position as that of the Religion of Abraham which was preached by a few men scattered throughout Arabia of whom no trace could be found among human communities.

But although Islam had prepared for war, yet it had certainly mitigated a great deal of its severity and rendered more humane the laws pertaining to it. A just code was established by Islam which definitely prohibited aggression. (See ISLAM 1(1): 29-37, 1394/1974) Indeed, the greatest merit in favour of Islam is that it did not ordain war for despoiling nations or levying tributes thereon, but it was wielded as a means for the propagation of the word of Allah among nations. Never before had any nation waged war for this reason. Wars were waged to subjugate people, appropriate their wealth and products and finally take full possession of everything in the land.

Yet withal, The Lord had commanded His Prophet to make the universal welfare of men the object of war, and if nations wished for peace one day for any consideration, it is incumbent on him to acqueise to their demand and to sheathe the sword depending for the propagation of the Faith on

===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
M. Farid Wajdi

other means for thus says The Lord:

[Arabic Qur'an verse]

And if they incline unto peace, you shall incline also unto it and put your trust in Allah, for Allah is All-Hearing, All-Knowing. (8:61)

The mighty cry which resounded in Arabia calling to universal brotherhood of nations for the first time in the history of the world, still reverberates into the ears until today. Evolution has forcibly urged nations to try the adoption of this principle. The conferences which are held for the limitation of armaments and the conventions that are made by nations to stop war being used as a means to secure their objects, are nothing short than the fulfilment of that great principle which Islam had proclaimed nearly fourteen centuries ago.

The principles of Islam are one and all great ideals which we will discuss in detail in the articles to follow for the enlightenment of mankind and the completion of the edifice of goodness in the world.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 8:61] wa-in janahu lil-salmi fajnah laha wa-tawakkal 'ala Allahi innahu huwa al-sami'u al-'alim

===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
Professor Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib, College of Shari'ah (Islamic Law), University of Damascus

The Falsification of Hadith: History and Development

While the Qur'an enjoys the Divine guarantee of God's own protection and eternal preservation (Qur'an, 15:9), the second source of Islamic jurisprudence, namely, the Hadith suffered disasterous human distortion, misinterpretation, falsification, and fabrication. A great number of Hadiths (the Prophet's sayings and traditions) were rescued and verified through the life-time exertion of such great scholars as Al-Bukhari, Muslim, Abu Dawud, Al-Tirmidhi, Al-Nasa'i, Ibn Majah, and others. However, even within the works of each of these scholars, a significant proportion of questionable Hadiths still exists. In this article, presented in Arabic and in English, Professor Al-Khatib reports on the history and development of fabricated Hadiths; with the hope that the readers may be better able to evaluate the Hadiths they come accross. The ultimate criterion for judging the authenticity of Hadith shall always be the Qur'an, the eternally-protected message of Allah. Any "Hadith" which contradicts any Qur'anic principle(s) should be deemed incorrect.

The traditions of the Prophet Muhammad (Allah's peace and blessings be upon him) remained pure and free from falsification throughout the reign of the four great caliphs. For as long as the Muslim ummah remained solidly behind their rulers, the Prophet's sunnah remained unadulterated. Only when people with fanatic political and or materialistic tendencies succeeded in dividing the Muslim ummah that the abuse and downright fabrication of Hadith took place. The first break in the solidarity of the ummah is traceable to the assassination of the third caliph 'Uthman (may Allah bestow His pleasure and grace upon him). That tragic event shook up the Muslim ummah so violently, that the damaging consequences still live with us today. Although the ummah was able to re-unite behind the fourth caliph 'Ali b. Abu Talib (Allah's pleasure and grace be upon him), the events which ensued were much too powerful to permit the continuation of sustained unity. The divisive elements succeeded in breaking the ummah into two major camps; one supporting the caliph and encompassing the people of Hijaz (Arabia) and Iraq,

===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
the other supporting Mu'awiyah b. Abu Sufian, the viceroy of Syria, and encompassing the people of Syria and Egypt. This disasterous division led to the historical Tahkim (judgment between 'Ali and Mu'awiyah to determine who is worthy of Khilafah), and to bitter wars between the two feuding factions. The Tahkim itself resulted in more division within the ummah: four different groups were formed:

1. The majority of Muslims remained solidly behind the caliph 'Ali, since he was the legitimate, shura-selected Amir-ul-Mu'minin (the caliph selected by general consensus of the leaders and representatives of all Muslims), following the assassination of the third caliph 'Uthman.

2. The party of Mu'awiyah which was initially formulated to "avenge the death of 'Uthman," but ended up demanding the caliphate for their leader Mu'awiyah. Following the Tahkim, this group did capture the caliphate, and Mu'awiyah became the ruler of the torn ummah.

3. The Khawarij (The Rebels) who were supporters of 'Ali, but rebelled against him for accepting the Tahkim; they declared that only Allah had the power of Tahkim. At the same time, they violently opposed Mu'awiyah for wanting to snatch the caliphate away from 'Ali.

4. Following the martyrdom of Amir-ul-Mu'minin 'Ali, some of his supporters formed the Shi'ah party and demanded restoration of caliphate to Ahlul Bait ('Ali's family).

The Falsification

Since each one of the above mentioned parties wanted to muster the allegiance of the Muslim ummah, they sought to support their political views by Qur'anic statements and sunnah traditions. Thus, some of them resorted to flagrant misinterpretations of the Qur'an; some even attempted to falsify the Qur'an itself. With the divine guarantee of the Qur'an's integrity, those who attempted to distort the Qur'an were immediately exposed. Too many people had already committed the Qur'an to their memory, and the Qur'an distorters got nowhere. What they succeeded in, however, was the injection of false Hadiths into the Prophet's traditions, as well as misinterpreting the existing Hadiths. With the passage of time, so many false Hadiths were fabricated that the authentic Hadiths became almost completely indistinguishable from the false ones. The first falsified Hadiths were characterized by the praise and over-glorification of certain individuals, such as the four great caliphs, and Ahlul Bait; something they neither needed nor advocated. Then, other fabrications of Hadiths dealt with the establishment of certain political parties and various religious sects. With the appearance of each political group, a number of fabricated Hadiths showed up supporting the creation of such

===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

group. Usually, counter movements also appeared and sought to discredit the newly established group by creating yet more fabricated Hadiths. The supporters and the opponents both wasted no time in creating the best-sounding Hadiths and attributed them to the most credible sources from among the closest Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet).

The falsification of Hadith during that most unfortunate period in Islamic history expanded to cover almost all aspects of the Muslim's life, including the rites of worship, the permissions and prohibitions, the praise or criticism of certain localities and times of the year, medical advice, the laws of inheritance, etc.

As for the exact time in history when these ominous falsifications took place, it can be safely stated that they started after the era of Sahabah (the first generation of Muslims). Due to their positive participation in the establishment of Islam, the first generation of Muslims were not easily deceivable by false Hadiths. Imam Ibn Taymiyyah describes the history of falsification as follows:

The Prophet's companions (peace be upon them) were not as susceptible to deceit by false Hadiths as those of later generations. There is no evidence of Hadith falsification through the reign of 'Uthman. Upon his assassination, however, two opposing factions emerged within the Muslim ummah; each faction vied for the allegiance of the populace by inventing and falsifying Hadith. These two groups were the Khawarij (the rebels) who called 'Ali b. Abu Talib a "Kafir = heathen," and the Shi'ah who called for the Imamat (spiritual leadership) of 'Ali, his infallibility, his prophethood, and even his divinity (deification).

Towards the end of the first century (Hijra), and during the reign of Ibn Al-Zubair and 'Abdul-Malik, two more groups emerged, namely, the Murji'ah and the Qadariyyah. Still later, at the beginning of the Tabi'in (Successors = Second generation of Muslims) era, the Jahmiyyah and the Mushabbihah parties appeared. With the emergence of these groups, the falsification of Hadith intensified; each group seeking to support its own views, and its own leaders. The time when falsification started, therefore, should be tied with the appearance of these and other political parties. It is highly improbable that any falsification at all took place during the era of Sahabah. Certainly, it is not expected that the Sahabah who were so devoted to the Prophet that they willingly gave up their properties, their comfort, their homes, and even their lives in defense of the Prophet's mission, would fabricate lies and attribute them to their beloved leader. It was they who frequently

===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib

heard the Prophet (peace be upon him) say, "Whoever deliberately fabricates a lie and attribute it to me, fabricates his own seat in the Hell-fire."

The majority of falsified Hadiths were fabricated in Iraq, where most of the violent political turmoil materialized into open bitter wars, and where the seeds of religious rift were sown. Iraq became so famous for fabricating Hadith that it became known as "The Mint;" Hadith was coined there like Dirhams. In Medina, meanwhile, Imam Malik advised the Muslims, "Look on the Hadith of the Iraqis the way you look on the Hadith of the people of the scripture (Jews and Christian); neither believe, nor disbelieve them." 'Abdul-Rahman b. Mahdi once told Malik, "During my 40-day visit to Medina, I learned only 400 Hadiths; Back home in Iraq, we hear this same number of Hadiths in one day." Imam Malik replied, "In Iraq you have 'The Mint;' you coin Hadith during the night, and spend during the day." Another reflection on the Iraqi fabrication of Hadith is recorded in the remark by Ibn Shihab that "The Hadith which leaves Medina only on Shibr (10 inches) long, comes back from Iraq one Dhira' (one yard) long."

Why Were the Hadiths Fabricated?

As mentioned above, the major reasons for Hadith fabrication were the attempts of newly emerging political parties or religious groups to muster maximum support from the populace. The assissination [assassination] of 'Uthman was the triggering mechanism of this disasterous turn of events. The reasons for fabrication, however, increased progressively with time as detailed below:

1. Influence of the Political Parties: The first party to emerge immediately after the assassination of 'Uthman was the Shi'ah party; supporters of the caliph 'Ali. The second party, Al-Khawarij (opponents of 'Ali) appeared only after the battle of Safin.

(a.) The Influence of Shi'ah:
In his explanation of Nahjul-Balaghah (the well-known collection of speeches attributed to 'Ali b. Abu Talib), Ibn Abul-Hadid said, "The origin of falsified Hadith can be traced to the Shi'ah; they wanted to increase the loyalty and devotion to Ahlul-Bait by fabricating a number of Hadiths praising certain individuals. When their opponents, those who supported the four great caliphs, saw the fabrications of the Shi'ah, they countered by yet fabricating their own set of Hadiths praising the caliph Abu Bakr." Eventually, the enemies of Islam took advantage of this unfortunate situation and planted the seeds of hatred

===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

through fabrication of outrageous Hadiths which praised Ahlul-Bait beyond all reasonable levels, and/or cursed the great caliphs Abu Bakr, 'Umar, and 'Uthman, beyond all reasonable limits. These falsifications served only to inflame the feelings of these opposing factions of the Muslim ummah, and led to the tragedies and disasterous wars the victims of which were the Prophet's own grand children and great grand children (the children and grand children of 'Ali). History recorded the gruesome and heart-breaking tragedies which resulted from blind hatred and victimized but the beloved Ahlul-Bait (may Allah bestow His pleasure and grace upon all of them). Ironically, it was the exagerated praise and over-glorification of Ahlul-Bait imbedded in false Hadiths that led to such tragedies; praise and over-glorification which Ahlul-Bait neither called for, nor needed. Certainly, it is not possible that Ahlul-Bait like Al-Hasan, Al-Husain, Muhammad b. Al-Hanafiyyah, Ja'far Al-Sadiq, or Zeid b. 'Ali would falsify the Hadiths fabricated by the Shi'ah were innumerable; as their groups increased, so did their fabrications and distortions of existing Hadith. They [were] falsifying, and misinterpreting Hadith, thus hurting their own beloved Imam 'Ali (may Allah bestow His grace and pleasure upon him) more than benefiting him. Abul-Faraj b. Al-Juzi comments on this situation by saying, "The laudable characteristics of Amir-ul-Mu'minin 'Ali were innumerable, but his Shi'ah were not content; they fabricated what actually lowers, rather than elevates their leader." 'Amir Al-Sha'bi wrote, "No one in this ummah had more lies narrated about him than 'Ali (Allah's pleasure and grace be upon him)."

The Hadiths fabricated by the Shi'ah were innumerable; as their groups increased, so did their fabrications and distortions of existing Hadith. They fabricated Hadiths praising 'Ali (Allah's grace and pleasure be upon him), as well as Hadiths downgrading Mu'awiyah and the Umayyads. In the Following sections, examples of the Shi'ah-fabricated Hadiths and the response of their opponents are given: Since the Shi'ah wanted first to establish the Prophet's will that 'Ali was "his favorite successor," they wrote a number of Hadiths to support their wishes. Among such false Hadiths is one which states, "The bearer of my will, the depository of my secrets, the successor in my family, and the best one to succeed me is 'Ali." Also, "O 'Ali, I designate you as a prophet, though there shall be no prophets after me." Also, "For each prophet there is a will-bearer, and inheritor; my will-bearer and inheritor is 'Ali b. Abu Talib." Also, "When the Prophet (Allah's peace and blessings be upon him) was raised to heaven on the night of Isra' and Mi'raj, Allah showed him the marvels of each heaven. On the

===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib

following day, he was telling the people about those marvels; some people of Mecca disbelieved, and some believed. Then a star fell from the sky, and the Prophet said, 'Wherever this star fell, it shall be in the home of my successor.' The people looked for this star, and they found it in the home of 'Ali b. Abu Talib. Some people in Mecca then said, 'Muhammad is biased in favor of his own family; he went astray.' At the time, sura Al-Najm (The Star, No. 53) was revealed commemorating the fall of the star into 'Ali's home." Another fabricated Hadith stated, "I and 'Ali were created from light, and we both were at the right side of the throne (of Allah)." Also, "There shall be a fitnah (chaos); if any of you is present then, he shall hold fast to two things, the Qur'an and 'Ali b. Abu Talib . . . he shall be the caliph after me." Also, "Whoever refuses to declare that 'Ali is the best among all people is a Kafir (heathen)." Also, "Looking at 'Ali is worship." Also, "Loving 'Ali consumes the sins like fire consumes hay." Also, "If the one of you wants to see Adam in his knowledge, Noah in his understanding, Abraham in his wisdom, John in his humbleness, and Moses in his power, he should look at 'Ali." Also, "Whoever dies with the slightest hatred of 'Ali in his heart, he shall die as a Jew or Christian."

Unfortunately, some non-Shi'ah became incensed by the attacks against Abu Bakr, 'Umar, 'Uthman, and Mu'awiyah, and decided to fabricate some Hadiths highly praising these great Sahabah and "exonerating" them. Examples of their fabrications include, "When I was raised to heaven during Isra' and Mi'raj, I prayed, 'O Allah, let 'Ali become the caliph after me.' Whereupon the heavens shook up, and the angels called upon me from all sides saying, 'O Muhammad, you should will only what Allah wills; Allah wills that your successor shall be Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq.'" Also, a fabricated Hadith states, "'Abdullah b. Jarad told us, 'We were at the Messenger of Allah one time when he called for a horse,' then he said, 'Whoever rides this horse shall be the caliph after me,' and Abu Bakr was the one who rode it.'" Another fabricated Hadith states, "One time Abu Bark [Bakr] said to the Prophet (Allah's peace and blessings be upon him), 'I was behind you in prayer in the first line, you started the prayer with takbir and I did my takbir and recited Al-Fatihah, but then I was inspired to go to the door of the mosque where a caller called on me to look behind me, whereupon I saw golden cup filled with liquid whiter than snow, tastier than melons, softer than butter, with a green towel covering it. On the green towel was written THERE IS NO GOD BUT ALLAH, AL-SIDDIQ IS ABU BAKR. I placed
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Quran 53 (Al-Najm)] sura Al-Najm (The Star, No. 53)

===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

the towel on my elbow, and made wudu' (ablution), put the towel back on the cup, and rejoined you in prayer; you were still in the first bowing (ruku), and I performed the complete prayer behind you.' The Prophet then said, 'Rejoice O Abu Bark [Bakr], the one who poured the water for your ablution was Gabriel, the one who provided you with the towel was Michael, and the one who held my knees while bowing until you joined me was Israfil.'" Also, "Allah has designated Abu Bakr to be my caliph as part of Allah's religion and by His inspiration; you shall hearken to him, and you shall obey him." Also, "When I was raised to the heavens, I found the name of Abu Bakr written in every heaven." Also, "'Abdullah b. Abu Awfa narrated, 'I saw the Prophet (peace be upon him) one time in the company of 'Ali, then Abu Bark [Bakr] and 'Umar came, whereupon the Prophet said to 'Ali, "O father of Al-Hasan, you shall love these two, for through loving them you shall be admitted to heaven."' Also, "In the lower heaven there are 80,000 angels asking Allah to forgive those who love Abu Bakr and 'Umar; in the second heaven, there are 80,000 angels cursing those who hate Abu Bakr and 'Umar." Another fabricated Hadith states, "Every single tree in Paradise bears the statement, 'There is no god but Allah, Muhammad is the messenger of Allah, Abu Bakr is Al-Siddiq, 'Umar is Al-Faruq, and 'Uthman is Dhun-Nurain.'"

Some fabricators from the party of Mu'awiyah made up some Hadiths such as, "Some members of the Prophet's tribe, Bani Hashim, asked him to make the writing of Qur'an only by Mu'awiyah, and from that time on, the inspiration used to come whenever he willed!!" Other Hadiths stated that the Prophet on occasions took the pen from 'Ali and gave to Mu'awiyah to record the revelations of Qur'an. One of their fabricated Hadiths states, "The honest ones in the sight of Allah are three, me, Gabriel, and Mu'awiyah." Also, "The Prophet (Allah's blessings and peace be upon him) handed an arrow to Mu'awiyah and said, 'Keep this arrow until I meet you in heaven!'" Also, "Ibn 'Abbas narrates that Gabriel came to the Prophet once with a green sheet bearing the writing, 'There is no god but Allah, Muhammad is the messenger of Allah, the love of Mu'awiyah is the duty of my servants!'" Also, "The Prophet (peace be upon him) once said to Abu Hurayrah, 'In Hell, there are blue-eyed dogs, their manes are longer than horse tails, if Allah commands one of them to swallow the seven heavens in one gulp, it would do it; these dogs will be used to punish those who curse Mu'awiyah b. Abu Sufian.'"

The examples of fabricated Hadith given above all represent the

===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib

type of argument initiated by political groups on opposing sides. The leaders whom they sought to glorify were in no need of such exaggerated glorification; certainly not through falsification of the Prophet's traditions.

To make matters worse, some good-intentioned Muslims saw what the opposing parties have done to the honorable Sahabah, and, induced by their desire to exonerate the Sahabah and nullify the effect of false Hadiths against them, they too began to fabricate their own group of Hadiths. They sought to show that all four caliphs are equal, that all Muslims shall equally love, respect, and honor all four of them. This group of fabricators thought that they were performing a service; that they were enhancing conciliation between the warring factions. Examples of their fabrications include a Hadith stating, "Allah has commanded me to treat Abu Bakr as a father, 'Umar as a consultant, 'Uthman as a supporter, and 'Ali as a close ally. You are four; Allah has made a covenant with you in the preserved scripture; whoever loves you shall be a pious believer; whoever hates you, shall be only a guilty hypocrite; you shall be the successors after me, and the executors of my will." Also, "A caller will call on the Day of Resurrection, 'Where are the companions of Muhammad?' and Abu Bakr, 'Umar, 'Uthman, and 'Ali will be brought forth." Also, "Whoever curses Al-Siddiq shall be wicked; whoever curses 'Umar shall be destined to Hell; whoever curses 'Uthman feuds with Al-Rahman; whoever curses 'Ali feuds with the Prophet (Allah's blessings and peace be upon him)."

When we look at the fabrications of all these groups, we find that the vast majority of fabrications were done by the Shi'ah group.

(b) The Influence of Al-Khawarij:
We do not find in the available references any evidence that the Khawarij resorted to fabrication of Hadith to support their argument. The only hint of possible falsification by the Khawarij is the narration by Ibn Luhay'ah that he heard a former member of Khawarij say, "You should exercise extreme care when you look at any Hadith; when we liked anything, we used to make up a Hadith for it." However, we find no record of any Khawarij-manufactured Hadith among the fabricated Hadiths. Additionally, the person Ibn Luhay'ah referred to remains unknown. If anything, there is plenty of evidence that the Khawarij considered lying a gross sin, and a characteristic of the disbelievers. Thus, although the Khawarij were in gross error when they opposed Amirul-Mu'minin 'Ali, and contributed but divisiveness to the Muslim ummah, it is unlikely that they falsified Hadith.

===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

2. Influence of the Enemies of Islam:
When Islam brought down the two great empires, Rome and Persia, the people of those empires were freed from exploitation and downright slavery to their rulers. The rulers, their supporters, and the oppressing class in general, sought to discredit Islam in the minds of their people who were adopting the freedom-giving Islam in great numbers. Thus, they fabricated repulsive Hadiths aiming at preventing their people from converting to Islam. Examples of their fabrications include a Hadith which states, "A group of Jews debated with the Prophet and asked him, 'Who carries the throne of Allah,' and he answered, 'The throne is carried on the horns of insects,' Whereupon, the Jews said, 'We bear witness that you are indeed the messenger of Allah.'" This and similar Hadiths were easily detectable due to their naivity [naivety]; all Muslims would realize right away that such statements with their contradictions could not have come from the Prophet. Another example is the fabricated Hadith, "The Prophet was asked, 'What is God made from?' He answered, 'He is made from running liquid; He created horses, made them run until they perspired heavily, then He created Himself from the sweat.'" Certainly, no Muslim, nor a person in his complete mind would fabricate a Hadith like that. These enemies of Islam inflicted great harm through the frequency and abominability of their lies. One of them who had named himself 'Abdul-Karim b. Abul-'Awja' admitted that he fabricated 4,000 Hadiths making things Halal (permissable) and other things Haram (prohibited). A great number of this type of fabricated Hadith (fabricated by enemies of Islam), as high as 14,000, were detected and sifted out by Muslim scholars in the past centuries.

3. Racial Prejudice, and Fanatic Bias for Tribe, Country, or Leader:
It was the Umayyads who restricted the administrative positions in their governments to Arabs only, creating thereby a discrimination practice in defiance of the Qur'an and Sunnah. The Muslim non-Arabs felt this discrimination and sought to establish the rule of Islam; based on absolute equality among the races. This racial friction resulted in the fabrication of a number of Hadiths praising and/or downgrading certain races, languages, towns, etc. Examples of such Hadiths include, "Those around the throne of Allah speak Persian; when Allah issues a merciful command, He issues it in Persian; when the command involves punishment, He issues it in Arabic." The opponents of this fabricated Hadith countered by yet fabricating another Hadith, "The ugliest language in the sight of Allah is Persian; the devils' language is Khuziyyah; the language of Hell is Bukhariyyah, and the language of Paradise is Arabic." Another ridiculous fabrication states, "The black people live only for food and sex." In my

===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
Muhammad 'Ajjaj Al-Khatib

opinion, it is the racial discrimination by the umayyads, following the death of Yazid b. Mu'awiyah that created the series of Hadith fabrications of this class.

Prejudice to certain localities was also common in those days, resulting in a number of falsified Hadith. Thus, we find statements such as, "Four towns on earth are from heaven, Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Damascus." Even the Imams of jurisprudence were not safe from the Hadith fabricators. Over-zealous lovers of Imam Abu Hanifah fabricated such Hadiths as, "Among my ummah, there shall come a man named Muhammad b. Idris who will be even worse than Iblis: and a man shall come whose name is Abu Hanifah; he will be the light of my ummah." Also, "A man will come after me whose name shall be Al-Nu'man b. Thabit, nick-named Abu Hanifah; he will revive the religion of Allah, and renew my sunnah."

4. The Story-Tellers:
Towards the end of the Sahabah era, the rings of story-tellers began to appear; and later expanded and increased in popularity. Some of those story-tellers cared only about getting the largest possible number of people into his ring by making up the most interesting stories. Many of them resorted to the fabrication of Hadiths which would bring out the most intense emotions and thus arouse the greatest interest. A significant amount of disasterous fabrication was produced by these liars, who did not hesitate to attribute lies to the Prophecy of Allah. Unfortunately, this type of dangerous liars found ears which listened to them, and even encouraged and supported their criminal practice, for the purpose of getting cheap entertainment. Most of their victims, needless to say, were from the ignorant masses who cared the least about scientific accuracy. The Muslim scholars across the past centuries have exposed the fabricated Hadiths by the story-tellers, and some of them were actually persecuted and harassed for opposing the entertaining story-tellers.

Some of these story-tellers were simply beggars who made up Hadith to induce people to give them financial support. One time the two prominent imams Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in were praying in Al-Rasafah Mosque. When the prayer was over, a story-teller stood up and started to narrate a long "Hadith" as follows, "We were told by Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in that 'Abdul-Razzaq learned from Mu'ammar, from Qatadah, from Anas that the Messenger of Allah said, 'Whoever says LA ILAHA ILLA ALLAH (There is no god except Allah), God will create from each word a bird whose bill is made of gold, and the feather is made of jade...' The story-teller continued to narrate this fabricated, and very interesting, Hadith for half an hour. The two imams

===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

couraging the people to buy certain goods, or eat certain fruits, or praise certain professions. Most of these Hadiths were easily detectable by the researchers, and were subsequently eliminated or pointed out.

Editorial Note:
As Professor Al-Khatib pointed out so rightly on page 202, the overzealous supporters of Ahlul-Bait were the ones who did the most harm both to Ahlul-Bait and to Islam. Unfortunately, we still see to this day flagrant examples of falsification and misinterpretation not only of Hadith, but also the Qur'an, and even the Bible. We reproduce herein a heart-breaking example of such falsifications, published right here in this day and age. It should be noted that the previous issues of this so called "ISLAMIC AFFAIRS" publication were full of abominable cursing of the great caliphs, and the Prophet's own Sahabah, Abu Bakr, 'Umar, and 'Uthman. These misguided souls seem to forget that attacking the great companions of the Prophet constitutes direct attacks on the Prophet himself. We pray to Allah that He may guide us, and guide these misled brothers to the right path.

[Reproduced excerpt begins:]

ISLAMIC Affairs
Published Bimonthly
By: The Islamic Society of Georgia
Headquarters: 172 Vine Street, S.W., #7
Atlanta, Georgia 30314, U.S.A.

VOL. 1, DECEMBER, 1974 (Dhul-Hijjah, 1394), NO. 6

WHO ARE AHLUL-BAIT (Alaihimis-Salam)?

Our readers, who have been reading Islamic Affairs since we started publishing it, one year ago, have repeatedly come across the name of "Ahlil-Bait" which is so venerated in the publication of The Islamic Society of Georgia, and during the lectures this Society has been delivering to Muslims and interested non-Muslims. Our non-Muslim readers have requested us to explain what the term "Ahlul-Bait" means. "Ahlul-Bait" is the Arabic subjective case standing for "the people of the house," "Ahlil-Bait" is the objective. They are, simply, the people of the household of Prophet Muhammad (SA); his children, his holy descendents, starting from Imam Ali bin-Abi Talib (AS, see Islamic Affairs, vol. 1, No. 4), and ending with Imam Al-Mahdi (AS). We use this name "Ahlil-Bait" because it is the name Almighty God uses in the Holy Quran for those "pure and spotless" descendents, according to the Verse of Tatheer, verse of Purification:

And God only wishes
To remove all abomination
From you, ye Members
Of the Family, and to make
You pure and spotless.
(Quran, 33:33)

It is just one of so many other verses of the Holy Quran which praise Ahlil-Bait (AS). Here they are described as "God's Covenant," or "The Rope of God;"
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Quran 33:33] إِنَّمَا يُرِيدُ اللّهُ لِيُذْهِبَ عَنْكُمُ الرِّجْسَ أَهْلَ الْبَيْتِ وَيُطَهِّرَكُمْ تَطْهِيرًا

===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

[Arabic verse, Quran 3:103]
"And hold together firmly to God's Covenant and do not Separate."
(Quran, 3:103)

Imam Sa'labi records in his commentary "Al-Tafseer Al-Kabeer" from Aban Ibn-e-Taghlab that he heard Imam Ja'far As-Sadiq (AS) say, "We are the Rope of Allah about whom Allah has said, 'Hold fast to the Rope of Allah . . .'" Ibn-e-Hajar has also included this among other verses revealed in praise of Ahlil-Bait (AS), see "Assawai'q al-Mohraqa", Ch. II, Part I.

A tradition (Hadith) which should compel every Muslim to follow Ahlil-Bait (AS) and accept no one else as guides in matters of religion is that the Holy Prophet (SA) said

"Behold! My Ahlul-Bait are like the Ark of Noah; whoever embarked in it was saved and whoever turned away from it was destroyed."

This Tradition is narrated by Imam Hakim in his "Al-Mustadrak," Vol. 3, p. 151, a tradition handed down through authentic sources from Abu Zarr Al-Ghifari (may Allah be pleased with him).

Ahlul-Bait (AS) are prophesized in Genesis, where God addresses Abraham thus:

"Sarah, thy wife, shall bear thee a son and thou shall call him Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant for his seed after him. And as for Ishmael I have heard thee: behold, I have blessed him exceedingly, twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation."
(Genesis, XVIII: 19-20)

The twelve princes referred to in this prophecy are obviously the twelve Imams (spiritual Muslim leaders) of whom the first is Hazrat Ameerul-Moomineen Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib (AS, see Islamic Affairs, vol. 1, No. 4, for Ali's biography), who drew his lineage from Ishmael, as foretold by God. The rest of the Imams are in direct lineage from Ali and Fatima (AS), the daughter, and only surviving offspring, of our Holy Prophet Muhammad ibn Abdullah, peace and blessings be upon him and his holy descendents. Here is a list of those holy twelve, with their respective final resting-places in brackets; and the title of each is italicized:

1. Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib, Ameerul-Moomineen. [Najaf, Iraq]
2. Imam Hassan son of Ali, Al-Mojtaba. [Jannatul-Baqee, Medina, Saudi Arabia]
3. Imam Hussain son of Ali, Sayyidul-Shohadaa. [Karbala', Iraq]
4. Imam Ali son of Hussain, Zainul-Abideen. [Jannatul-Baqee, Medina, Saudi Arabia]
5. Imam Muhammad son of Ali, Al-Baqir. [Jannatul-Baqee, Medina, Saudi Arabia]
6. Imam Ja'far son of Muhammad, Assadiq. [Jannatul-Baqee, Medina, Saudi Arabia]
7. Imam Moosa son of Ja'far, Al-Kazim. [Al-Kazimiyyah, Iraq]
8. Imam Ali son of Moosa, Arriza. [Mashhad, Iran]
9. Imam Muhammad son of Ali, Attaqi. [Al-Kazimiyyah, Iraq]
10. Imam Ali son of Muhammad, Annaqi. [Samarra, Iraq]
11. Imam Hassan son of Ali, Al-Asghar. [Samarra, Iraq]
12. Imam Hodjat Muhammad son of Hassan, Al-Mahdi Sahibuz-Zaman. [Samarra, Iraq]

Now, dear reader, we invite you to read this Hadith:

[Arabic Hadith text]

"If anyone stands firmly between the Rukn and Muqam (in Mecca) and spends all his life in prayers, adoration and fasting, but bears malice towards the children of Muhammad (Ahlil-Bait, AS), then he will only go to Hell."
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Quran 3:103] وَاعْتَصِمُوا بِحَبْلِ اللّهِ جَمِيعًا وَلَا تَفَرَّقُوا
صلى الله عليه وآله وسلم وقال: فلو أن رجلا صفن بين الركن والمقام ، فصلى وصام ، وهو مبغض لآل محمد دخل النار

===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
THE FALSIFICATION OF HADITH

The above quoted Hadith is recorded by Tabari, Hakim, Nabahani (in his "Arba'een"), Sayuti (in his 'Ehya-ul-Mayyit) and by others.
Here is another Tradition:

[Arabic Hadith text]

"The stars protect the inhabitants of the earth from being drowned and my Ahlul-Bait are the Protectors of my followers against discord (in matters of religion). Therefore, whichever group among the Arabs opposes my Ahlil-Bait (on questions relating to the divine Commandments) shall be split up by dissensions and become the party of Satan."

The above quoted Hadith is recorded by Imam Hakim, in his Mustadrak, vol. 3, p. 149, as related by Ibn-e-Abbas with the note that this is an authentic tradition but has not been recorded by the two Shaikhs, Muslim & Bukhari!!!

ALI IN THE QURAN
There are so many verses in the Holy Quran praising Imam Ali, Alaihis-Salam. There is no room here to quote all or even few of them. "Islamic Affairs" will try her best to show these verses to her readers, both Muslims and non-Muslims in her future issues, Insha-Allah.
When Hazrat Ali stayed in the Prophet's own bed while the infidels wanted to assasinate [assassinate] the Prophet, he became the first person to make sacrifices for Divine Right. Then the verse "And there is the type of man who gives his life to earn the pleasure of God; and God is full of kindness to (His) devotees" (Quran, II:207) was revealed for him.
According to the most authoritative books in Sunnat and Jama'at: one day the Prophet of Islam assembled Ali, Fatimah, Hassan and Hussain (AS) under a robe and the verse, "And God only wishes to remove all abomination from you, ye Members of the Family (Ahlil-Bait), and to make you pure and spotless" (Quran, XXXIII:33) was then revealed on their behalf from the Almighty. This is referred to as "hadees-e-Kisa" (Hadees of the Robe).

THE PROPHET (SA) SAID:
I am the city of learning, Ali is its gate.
Ali is with the Quran and the Quran is with Ali.
Ali is the treasure-house of my secrets.
I am the last of the Apostles of God (Khatamul-Nabiyyeen), O Ali, whilst you are the last of the successors to the Prophets (Khatamul-Wasiyyeen)
Ali is to me what Harron (Aron) was to Moosa (Moses).
O Ali! You are my brother in this world as well as the Hereafter.
I have left amongst you, O ye people, certain things, if you will love them you will never go astray. They are: the Book of Allah (Quran), which is like a rope extending from the heaven to the earth, and my children, that is my Ahl-e-Bait. These two shall never part from each other until they come to me at the Pool of Kausar (in Paradise). So, take care how you treat them.

ALI AS CALIPH (36 A.H.)
In the year 36 Hijri, Hazrat Ali was elected Caliph, succeeding Uthman who was murdered due to his being unfair to the public and his preference of his unfit relatives for government offices. The first thing he did was dismissing all the corrupt governors previously appointed (by the previous Caliphs). Qualities of honesty and justice did not allow him to pay heed even to the advice of his uncle Ibne Abbas. Some gave up the office without resistance, while others revolted.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
وحديث : النجوم أمان لاهل الأرض من الغرق ، وأهل بيتي أمان لأمتي من الاختلاف (في الدين) ، فاذا خالفتها قبيلة من العرب تفرقوا في أحكام الله عز وجل صاروا حزب ابليس

===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic, printed in a stylized reddish-brown naskh-style typeface, and appears to be part of a footnote/reference apparatus discussing fabricated Hadiths on the subject of charity, trade, marriage suitability, and related themes, followed by two paragraphs discussing chains of transmission (asanid) associated with well-known wisdom-sayings, and the practice of fabricating Hadith to gain favor with people, including an anecdote about a man named Zuhayr b. Mu'awiyah who reportedly admitted introducing thousands of people into a following through fabricated traditions about predestination (qadar). The page ends with a section heading numbered 7, on 'associating with rulers and other causes' of fabrication.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
وحديث : خير شراركم أقلهم رحمة لليتيم وأغلظهم على المسكين ، وخير تجارتكم البز وخير أعمالكم الخرز ، ومن سيادة المرء خفة عارضيته ، والناس أكفاء إلا حائك أو حجام
ومن هذا ما رواه معاوية بن زهير قال أخبرنا محرز أبو رجاء ، وكان يرى رأي القدر فتاب منه ، فقال: لا ترووا عن أحد من أهل القدر شيئا ، فوالله لقد كنا نضع الأحاديث ندخل بها الناس في القدر نحتسب بها ، ولقد أدخلت أربعة آلاف من الناس . قال زهير: فقلت له : كيف تصنع بمن أدخلتهم؟ قال: ها أنا ذا أخرجهم الأول فالأول
٦ – التقرب من الحكام وأسباب أخرى :

===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). The visible content discusses a narrator identified as being 'from Abu Hurayrah,' and states that it was natural for some narrators to seek closeness to the ruling class ('some of the wicked sought closeness to certain ruling classes'), citing this as happening during the Abbasid era; it recounts an anecdote in which Harun (referred to as 'al-Mahdi') asked a man named 'Ubaydullah about fabricating Hadiths in praise of al-'Abbas, to which the man replied he had no need of it. A further passage discusses a liar named Ghiyath b. Ibrahim who fabricated an addition to a Hadith about racing (pigeons/birds) to please al-Mahdi, for which he was rewarded with money, and was later denounced as a liar upon the Prophet. The page also discusses other categories of narrators and includes an anecdote involving a Hakim/narrator asked about a book of a boy crying over a beating, tied to a fabricated attribution to Ibn 'Abbas.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
وطبيعي أن يتقرب بعض المرائين إلى بعض الطبقة الحاكمة بوضع ما يرضيهم من الحديث ، وقد حدث هذا فعلا في عهد العباسيين
وقد كذب غياث بن إبراهيم للمهدي في حديث «لا سبق إلا في نصل أو خف أو حافر» ، فزاد فيه جناح أو جناح حين رآه يلعب بالحمام ، فتركها المهدي

===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). It quotes a fabricated Hadith about raising one's hands during ruku' invalidating prayer, and another long fabricated statement claiming everything in the heavens and earth is created, including the Qur'an, with a threat of disbelief ('kufr') and even nullification of one's marriage for anyone who says the Qur'an is created -- presented by the author as an example of a badly (clumsily) fabricated Hadith, with obvious signs of forgery in its style and wording. It then recounts an anecdote from Mu'awiyah b. Zuhayr, who reportedly said he did not narrate anything on the authority of anyone regarding predestination (qadar) but nonetheless had introduced/converted thousands of people into holding certain views about qadar through such fabricated material. The page concludes with a section heading numbered 7: 'Closeness to rulers, and other causes.'
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
من رفع يديه في الركوع فلا صلاة له
كل ما في السموات والأرض وما بينهما فهو مخلوق غير الله والقرآن ، وذلك أنه كلامه منه بدأ وإليه يعود

===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). The left-hand page recounts anecdotes about named individuals fabricating Hadith on Qur'anic virtues (fada'il al-Qur'an) for financial gain, including a report traced to al-Marwazi about a man named Abu Nuh b. Maryam who was told by 'Ikrimah, on the authority of Ibn 'Abbas, about the virtues of Qur'an chapters, and admitted to fabricating such material after seeing people turn away from the Qur'an toward the jurisprudence of Abu Hanifah and the campaigns (maghazi) of Ibn Ishaq. A further passage discusses Abu 'Isma and others who admitted fabricating material to draw people's hearts toward pious practice, and a note about a man named Ahmad b. Muhammad Ghalib al-Bahili known as an ascetic in Baghdad, whose funeral drew large crowds despite his fabrications being known to scholars. The right-hand facing page (partially visible) is a continuation discussing similar themes of pious fraud (al-wad' fi fada'il al-a'mal) and citing chains of transmission.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
من أين جئت بهذه الأحاديث؟ قال: وضعتها أرغب الناس فيها
٦ – التحرفات المذهبية والكلامية :

===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). It continues discussing why people fabricated pious/devotional Hadith to encourage good deeds, noting that this wealth of supposed Prophetic traditions came from those who did not understand rhetoric, and cites the famous Hadith 'Whoever deliberately lies about me, let him take his seat in the Fire' as something these fabricators would acknowledge applied to others, not to themselves ('we did not lie against him, we lied for him'), which the author finds a strange and dangerous rationalization since their piety made people trust and believe them, causing greater harm than good. The passage quotes several righteous scholars (including a saying attributed to Yahya b. Sa'id al-Qattan's father) to the effect that they never saw pious people lie in anything except in Hadith, and that lying is more common among the pious than in anything else. The page ends with a new sub-heading about scholars fabricating Hadiths praising specific Qur'anic surahs.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
من كذب علي متعمدا فليتبوأ مقعده من النار
لم نر الصالحين يكذبون في شيء أكذب منهم في الحديث

===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). The left-hand page begins a new numbered section (5) on 'the desire for reward tied to a matter/event with the [story-]teller,' discussing how political and religious party divisions led to Hadith fabrication to support factional leaders, and how some ascetics and worshippers, upset at seeing people preoccupied with worldly affairs, fabricated traditions of encouragement (targhib) and warning (tarhib) meant piously 'for the sake of God,' quoting Ayyub al-Sakhtiyani's remark that nothing corrupted Hadith among the people like the professional story-tellers (qussas), and that knowledge itself 'died' only because of the qussas. The right-hand facing page (partially visible) contains a lengthy anecdote involving Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in listening incognito to a story-teller narrating a fabricated chain attributed to them.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
ما أفسد على الناس حديثهم إلا القصاص ، وما أمات العلم إلا القصاص
٥ – الرغبة في الخبر مع الجري بالروي

===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script), continuing directly the anecdote begun on the facing page: Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in reportedly disguised themselves and sat in a story-teller's circle; the story-teller, upon seeing them, began narrating a chain 'on the authority of Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in' to an audience of about twenty people, prompting Ahmad to ask Yahya whether he had ever heard of such a Hadith, to which the story-teller, unaware he was speaking to the very men he was citing, insisted the report was accurate. When they revealed their identities, the man was astonished, since he had reportedly fabricated attributions to 'Ahmad b. Hanbal and Yahya b. Mu'in' under seventeen different names before. The page then discusses how these professional fabricators would keep well-known chains of transmission (asanid) and attach the most exotic, entertaining, and audacious content to them, giving another example concerning a different story-teller and Abu Hatim al-Basti, who caught him lying, and a related anecdote about a man narrating from Abu al-Walid, from Shu'bah, from Qatadah, from Anas, where the narrator admitted, when questioned, to never having actually seen or heard directly the man he claimed as his source, replying flippantly that rigor in transmission was beneath such casual discussion, since he alone 'kept' the chain of transmission (isnad) well.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
فقال له : حدثته بهذا؟ فقال: والله ما سمعت هذا الا الساعة
أنا أحمد بن حنبل وهذا يحيى بن معين

===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
[This page is entirely in Arabic (printed stylized reddish-brown script). The left-hand page continues describing how professional story-tellers found ears which listened to and believed them, and defended them, and that this class of ignorant common people is what makes deep investigation of Hadith difficult. It cites an example of a fabricated Hadith describing a tree in Paradise from whose top grow saddled and bridled horses of gold set with pearls and rubies, with wings, for the pious to ride wherever they wish. It notes that scholars of Hadith stood against these story-tellers, exposed their lies, and suffered harassment and harm from their followers, citing an incident in which Al-Sha'bi denounced a story-teller in the lands of Syria, whereupon the common people rose up against him, striking him, and his followers did not abandon their heresy until Al-Sha'bi declared their leader's own testimony against himself. It further recounts that Hadith scholars used to forbid their students and companions from sitting with the story-tellers, citing 'Asim's report that they used to visit Abu 'Abd al-Rahman al-Sulami while still young men, and he would tell them not to sit with any story-tellers except Abu al-Ahwas, warning them and their brother against it -- noting the brother held a Khawarij-like view, unlike Abu Wa'il. It also describes some of these story-tellers as being simply greedy for fabricating Hadith to win people's charity and generosity toward them, citing a report traced by Ibn al-Jawzi to Abu Ja'far Muhammad al-Tayalisi, who said a story-teller stood up among people in the Rasafah mosque and narrated, on the authority of 'Abd al-Razzaq, from Ma'mar, from Qatadah, from Anas, that the Messenger of Allah said: whoever says 'there is no god but Allah,' Allah creates from each letter a bird flying, made of gold..." The right-hand facing page (partially visible) appears to be a continuation on a related theme concerning story-tellers and mosques in the late Rightly-Guided Caliphate/early Islamic era.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
إن في الجنة شجرة يخرج من أعلاها خيل من ذهب مسرجة ملجمة بالدر والياقوت ذات أجنحة ، فيجلس عليها أولياء الله فيطير بهم حيث شاؤوا
من قال لا إله إلا الله خلق الله من كل كلمة طيرا منقاره من ذهب

===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
وبيت المقدس، ودمشق ، (1) ... وفى الأئمة حديث : « يكون فى أمتى رجل يقال له محمد بن إدريس أضر على أمتى من ابليس ، ويكون فى أمتى رجل يقال له أبو حنيفة هو سراج أمتى (2) » ، و « سيأتى من بعدى رجل يقال له النعمان ابن ثابت ويكنى أبا حنيفة ، ليحيين دين الله وسنتى على يديه (3) » .

4 - القصاصون :

ظهرت حلقات القصاصين والوعاظ فى أواخر عهد الخلافة الراشدة (4) ، وكثرت هذه الحلقات فيما بعد فى مختلف مساجد الأقطار الاسلامية (5) ، وكان بعض القصاص لا يهمه إلا أن يجتمع الناس عليه ، فيضع لهم ما يرضيهم من الأحاديث التى تستثير نفوسهم ، وتحرك عواطفهم ، وقد كان معظم البلاء من هذا الصنف الذى يكذب على رسول (6) الله صلى الله عليه وسلم ، ولا يرى فى ذلك إثما ولا بهتانا .

ومما يؤسف له أن هؤلاء القصاص - على تعالمهم وكذبهم على رسول الله
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
يكون فى أمتى رجل يقال له محمد بن إدريس أضر على أمتى من ابليس ، ويكون فى أمتى رجل يقال له أبو حنيفة هو سراج أمتى
سيأتى من بعدى رجل يقال له النعمان ابن ثابت ويكنى أبا حنيفة ، ليحيين دين الله وسنتى على يديه

===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
ما أرادوا ، وباءت محاولاتهم بالفشل أمام قوة الإسلام ، وسمو مقاصده ، وصفاء عقيدته .

وسنذكر أمثلة موجزة مما صنعوه ليضلوا أتباع الدين ، وينفروا منه من يجب اعتناقه ، فمن ذلك : ما رووه : « أن نفرا من اليهود أتوا الرسول صلى الله عليه وسلم فقالوا : من يحمل من العرش ؟ فقال : تحمله الهوام بقرونها ، والجرة التى فى السماء من عرقهم ، قالوا : نشهد أنك رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم (1) » . قال أبو القاسم البلخى : « هذا والله تقول ، وقد أجمع المسلمون على أن الذين يحملون العرش ملائكة (2) » ، وحديث « عن النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم : الجرة التى فى السماء عرق الأفعى التى تحت العرش (3) » . وقال أبو القاسم : « وما يستجيز أن يروى مثل هذا عن رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم إلا من لا يبالى بدينه ، ومتى قال المسلمون إن تحت العرش أفعى ؟ وهل يجوز أن يكون هذا إلا من دسيس الزنادقة ليقبحوا الإسلام (4) ؟ » ؛ وحديث : « قيل يارسول الله ، مم ربنا ؟ قال : من ماء مرور ، لامن أرض ولا سماء ، خلق خيلا فأجراها ، فعرقت ، فخلق نفسه من ذلك العرق (5) » . إنه لا يضع مثل هذه الأحاديث مسلم ولا عاقل !!

وإن هؤلاء لأشد ضررا وبلاء على الإسلام من غيرهم ، فقد كان منهم من يفحش فى الكذب والافتراء ، ومن هؤلاء عبد الكريم بن أبى العوجاء ، الذى اعترف قبل أن تضرب عنقه بوضعه الحديث ، فقال : « والله لقد وضعت فيكم
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
أن نفرا من اليهود أتوا الرسول صلى الله عليه وسلم فقالوا : من يحمل من العرش ؟ فقال : تحمله الهوام بقرونها
قيل يارسول الله ، مم ربنا ؟ قال : من ماء مرور

===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
من وضع الزنادقة (1) . وهكذا يثبت أن الخوارج لم ينغمسوا فى حمأة الوضع لما عرف عنهم من الورع والتقوى .

2 - أعداء الاسلام ( الزنادقة ) :

لقد قوضت دولة الاسلام دولتى كسرى وقيصر ، وقضت على عروش الملوك والأمراء الذين كانوا يحكمون الشعوب الخاضعة لهم ، يذيقونها العذاب ويستنزفون خيراتها ، ويسترقون أبناءها ، وكان حول هؤلاء الحكام طبقة من الخواص والمستغلين ، الذين يفيدون من وراء أولئك الملوك والأمراء ، وكانت لهم وسائلهم الخاصة فى استغلال رعاياهم ، فعندما انتشر الإسلام ، وخالط قلوب الأمم المظلومة ، والشعوب المغلوبة على أمرها من قبل رعاتها - تذوق هؤلاء نعمة الحرية ، وشعروا بالكرامة الإنسانية ، فى حين أفلتت السلطة من يد الحكام ، وخسروا مناصبهم ، وضاعت تلك المنافع التى كانوا ينالونها باستغلال أبناء الشعب ، الذى عرف قيمة الحياة بعد أن حطم قيود الظلم باعتناق الإسلام ، ولم يرق الوضع الجديد أولئك المتسلطين ، فأضمروا الحقد والكيد للإسلام والمسلمين ، ولم يستطيعوا أن يحققوا آمالهم بقوة السيف ، لقوة الدولة الاسلامية ، فراحوا ينفرون المسلمين من العقيدة الجديدة ، بدس الأباطيل والأكاذيب السخيفة على رسول الله ، قاصدين من وراء ذلك إبعاد الناس عن الإسلام ، الذى حاولوا أن يصوروه أبشع الصور فى عقائده وعباداته وأفكاره ، وظهر هؤلاء بمظاهر مختلفة ، وتحت أسماء فرق متعددة ، إلا أنهم لم يوفقوا إلى

===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
كما قال أيضا (1) ، ومن تأمل كتب الجرح والتعديل رأى المعروف وعلمهم عند مصنفيها بالكذب فى الشيعة أكثر منهم فى جميع الطوائف ، والخوارج مع أصدق من الدين فهم من أصدق الناس حتى قيل إن حديثهم أصح مروقهم بذلك . وقال أبو داود : « ليس فى أصحاب الأهواء أصح حديثا من الحوارج (2) » .

لابد لنا بعد هذا من مخرج لما روى عنهم من الكذب ، فالأخبار الأولى تدل على وقوع الوضع منهم ، إلا أننا لم نعرف باعتراف أحد شيوخهم هذا الشيخ !! وقد روى الخطيب عن حماد بن سلمة (4) نحو حديث ابن لهيعة عن ( شيخ من الرافضة ) ، فى نفس الصفحة التى روى فيها خبر ابن لهيعة ، فيمكن أن يحمل على أنه خطأ من الكاتب أو الراوى ، وإذا فرضنا أنه خطأ ، فما موقفنا من الخبرين الآخرين اللذين لا سبيل إلى تسرب الخطأ إليهما ؟ إلا أن الأخبار التى تدل على صدقهم تعارض هذه الروايات ، والبحث لا يؤدى إلى دليل يدين الخوارج بالوضع فلا بد من حمل تلك الأخبار على وهم الراوى : أن ( الشيخ ) خارجى ، وهو ليس كذلك . وأرجح من هذا أن الخبرين ضعيفان لجهالة ( الشيخ ) .

وأما ما روى عن عبد الرحمن بن مهدى : أن الخوارج والزنادقة قد وضعوا هذا الحديث « إذا أتاكم عنى حديث فاعرضوه على كتاب الله فإن وافق كتاب الله فأنا قلته . . » - فقد فند الدكتور فند مصطفى السباعى هذا القول ، وبين أنه
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
ليس فى أصحاب الأهواء أصح حديثا من الحوارج
إذا أتاكم عنى حديث فاعرضوه على كتاب الله فإن وافق كتاب الله فأنا قلته

===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
(ب) الخوارج ووضع الحديث :

لم نعثر فى المراجع القريبة منا على ما يدل على وضع الخوارج للحديث ، أو على اعتمادهم على ذلك لدعم موقفهم وإثبات دعواهم ، اللهم إلا ما ذكر عن ابن لهيعة قال : سمعت شيخا من الخوارج تاب ورجع ، وهو يقول : « إن هذه الأحاديث دين ، فانظروا عمن تأخذون دينكم ، فإنا كنا إذا هوينا أمرا صيرناه حديثا (1) » . وما رواه عبيد الله بن عمرو عن عبد الكريم قال : « قال لى رجل من الخوارج : إن هذا الحديث من دين ، فانظروا عمن تأخذون دينكم ، فإنا كنا إذا هوينا أمرا جعلناه فى حديث (2) » . وما رواه عن شيخ خارجى : « روى عن شيخ خارجى أنه قال : إن هذه الأحاديث دين ، فانظروا عمن تأخذون دينكم ، فإنا كنا إذا هوينا أمرا صيرناه حديثا (3) » .

هذه أخبار ثلاثة بمعنى واحد ، وطرق مختلفة ، تدل على وضع الخوارج للحديث . إلا أننا لم نجد دليلا يثبت عليهم هذا بين الأحاديث الموضوعة ، وربما كان عدم كذبهم هذا لاعتقادهم أن مرتكب الكبيرة كافر ، والكذب من الكبائر .

وهناك أدلة كثيرة على أنهم أصدق من نقل الحديث ، ومن هذا ما قاله ابن تيمية فى الرد للرافضة عليهم : « ونحن نعلم أن الخوارج شر منكم ، ومع هذا فما نقدر أن نرميهم بالكذب ، لأننا جربناهم ، فوجدناهم يتحرون الصدق لهم
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
إن هذه الأحاديث دين ، فانظروا عمن تأخذون دينكم ، فإنا كنا إذا هوينا أمرا صيرناه حديثا
ونحن نعلم أن الخوارج شر منكم ، ومع هذا فما نقدر أن نرميهم بالكذب ، لأننا جربناهم ، فوجدناهم يتحرون الصدق

===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Surah Al-Fath 48:29] بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم اشدا على الكفار رحماء بينهم [decorative calligraphic roundel] محمد رسول الله والذين معه

===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Surah An-Nur 24:35] بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم [decorative starburst medallion] الله نور السموات والارض مثل نوره كمشكاة فيها مصباح

===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
كان يتبادله أتباع كل صحابى ، ويقطعون دابر الشتم والسباب فيجمعون أم الأمة وكأنهم لم يعلموا أنهم يفترون على رسول الله الكذب . ومن ذلك حديث : « إن الله أمرنى أن أتخذ أبا بكر والدا ، وعمر مشيرا ، وعثمان سندا ، وأنت يا على ظهيرا . أنتم أربعة ، قد أخذ الله لكم الميثاق فى أم الكتاب ، لا يحبكم إلا مؤمن تقى ، ولا يبغضكم إلا منافق مسيء ، أنتم خلفاء نبوتى ، وعقد ذمتى (1) » حديث « ينادى مناد يوم القيامة من تحت العرش : أين أصحاب محمد ؟ فيؤتى بأبى بكر وعمر وعثمان وعلى رضى الله عنهم (2) » ، و « أبو بكر وزيرى ، وعمر حبيبى ينطق على لسانى ، وأنا من عثمان وعثمان منى ، وعلى أخى وصاحب لوائى » (3) ، و « أبو بكر أوزن أمتى وأرحمها ، وعمر بن الخطاب خير أمتى وأكملها ، وعثمان بن عفان أحيى أمتى وأعدلها ، وعلى بن أبى طالب ولى أمتى وأسمها ، وعبد الله بن مسعود أمين أمتى وأوصلها ، وأبو ذر أزهد أمتى وأرقها ، وأبو الدرداء أعدل أمتى وأرحمها ، ومعاوية بن أبى سفيان أحلم أمتى وأجودها (4) » .. ، و « من شتم الصديق فإنه زنديق ، ومن شتم عمر فأواه سقر ، ومن شتم عثمان فخصمه الرحمن ، ومن شتم عليا فخصمه النبى صلى الله عليه وآله وسلم (5) » ومن حديث طويل : ثم قال - رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم قال : ألا لعنة الله على مبغضى أبى بكر ، وعمر ، وعثمان ، وعلى (6) » وإذا رجعنا إلى كتب الموضوعات رأينا أن الشيعة قد أسرفوا فى الوضع أكثر من غيرهم .
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
إن الله أمرنى أن أتخذ أبا بكر والدا ، وعمر مشيرا ، وعثمان سندا ، وأنت يا على ظهيرا
من شتم الصديق فإنه زنديق ، ومن شتم عمر فأواه سقر

===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
وحرف الشيعة حديث « اللهم اركسهما فى الفتنة ركسا ، اللهم دعهما إلى النار دعا (1) » فى أنه قيل أنه فى معاوية وعمرو بن العاص حين كانا يتغنيان ، والواقع أنهما لم يفعلا شيئا من هذا ، إنما قيل هذا فى معاوية بن رافع وعمرو بن رفاعة ابن التابوت ، تحريفا للراوى الأسماء .

ووضع بعض المفترضين من أتباع حزب معاوية « ... ثم قال النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم : يا أبا هريرة ، إن فى جهم كلابا زرق الأعين ، على أعرافها شعر كأمثال أذناب الخيل ، لو أذن الله تعالى لكل منها أن تبلغ السموات السبع فى لقمة واحدة لهان ذلك عليه ، تسلط يوم القيامة على من لعن معاوية بن أبى سفيان (2) » .

وأمثال هذه الأحاديث كثيرة ، كلها من صيغة الأحزاب المتناوئة ، التى حاولت أن تدعم بها موقفها ، وترفع من قدر أصحابها وزعمائها ، وكان بوسع هؤلاء الابتعاد عن الكذب على رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم مكتفين بما للصحابة من فضائل ثابتة ، ولكن الهوى ساق بعضهم إلى ذلك والجهل أعمى قلوب بعضهم .

وقد رأى بعض ذوى النيات الحسنة ما كان من هذه الأحزاب ، وما دار بينهم من طعون مختلفة تناولت الصحابة ، فدفعهم حبهم للصحابة جميعا إلى وضع أحاديث تذكر فضائلهم ، وترفع من شأنهم ، وتبين أنه لا فرق بين الخلفاء الأربعة ، وقد ظن هؤلاء - يحسن نيتهم - أنهم يفعلون خيرا ، لأنهم يمنعون بوضع هذه الأحاديث اللعن الذى
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
اللهم اركسهما فى الفتنة ركسا ، اللهم دعهما إلى النار دعا
يا أبا هريرة ، إن فى جهم كلابا زرق الأعين ، على أعرافها شعر كأمثال أذناب الخيل

===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
عبد الله بن أبى أوف « رأيت النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم متكئا على على ، وإذا أبو بكر وعمر أقبلا ، فقال : يا أبا الحسن ، أحبهما فبحبهما تدخل الجنة (1) » ، وحديث « إن فى السماء الدنيا ثمانين ألف ملك يستغفرون الله لمن أحب أبا بكر وعمر ، وفى السماء الثانية ثمانون ألف ملك يلعنون من أبغض أبا بكر وعمر (2) » ، وحديث « ما فى الجنة شجرة إلا مكتوب على كل ورقة منها لا إله إلا الله محمد رسول الله ، أبو بكر الصديق وعمر الفاروق ، وعثمان ذو النورين (3) » .

ووضع بعض الكذابين من حزب معاوية بعض الأحاديث ، منها « أن جماعة من بنى هاشم سألوا رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم أن يحول الكتابة من معاوية ، فنزل الوحى باختياره (4) » ، ووضعوا أحاديث مطولة فى كتابته ذكرها آية الكرسى وغيرها ، ذكرتها كتب الموضوعات ، منها « أنه صلى الله عليه وسلم أخذ القلم من يد على فدفعه إلى معاوية : أنا وجبريل ومعاوية (5) . » ، و « أن النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم ناول معاوية سهما وقال : خذ هذا السهم حتى تلقانى به فى الجنة (6) » . وما روى عن ابن عباس أنه « جاء جبريل إلى النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم بورقة آس أخضر مكتوب عليها : لا إله إلا الله محمد رسول الله ، حب معاوية فرض على عبادى (7) » .
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
رأيت النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم متكئا على على ، وإذا أبو بكر وعمر أقبلا ، فقال : يا أبا الحسن ، أحبهما فبحبهما تدخل الجنة
جاء جبريل إلى النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم بورقة آس أخضر مكتوب عليها : لا إله إلا الله محمد رسول الله ، حب معاوية فرض على عبادى

===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
وحديث « أن أبا بكر قال للنبى صلى الله عليه وسلم : إنى كنت معك فى الصف الأول ، فكبرت وكبرت فاستفتحت بالحمد فقرأتها ، فوسوس إلى شئ من الطهور فخرجت إلى باب المسجد ، فإذا أنا بهاتف يهتف بى وهو يقول : وراءك ، فالتفت ، فإذا أنا بقدح من ذهب ممـلوء ماء أبيض من الثلج وأعذب من الشهد وألين من الزبد ، عليه منديل أخضر مكتوب عليه لا إله إلا الله الصديق أبو بكر ، فأخذت المنديل فوضعته على منكبى ، وتوضأت للصلاة وأسبغت الوضوء ، ورددت المنديل على القدح ، ولحقتك وأنت راكع الركعة الأولى فتممت صلاتى معك يا رسول الله ، فقال النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم : أبشر يا أبا بكر ، الذى وضأك للصلاة جبريل ، والذى مندلك ميكائيل ، والذى مسك ركبتى حتى لحقت الصلاة إسرافيل (1) » وحديث « إن الله جعل أبا بكر خليفتى على دين أوحيه ، فاسمعوا له تفلحوا ، وأطيعوه ترشدوا (2) » ، وحديث « عرج بى إلى السماء ، فما مررت بسماء إلا وجدت فيها مكتوبا اسمى محمد رسول الله ، وأبو بكر الصديق من خلفى (3) » ، وحديث « إن الله فى السماء يكره أن يخطأ أبو بكر الصديق (4) » ، وحديث « لما أسرى بى رأيت فى السماء خيلا موقوفة مسرجة ملجمة ... رؤوسها من الياقوت الأحمر ... ذوات أجنحة ، فقلت : لمن هذه ؟ فقال جبريل : هذه لمحيى أبى بكر وعمر ، يزورون الله عليها يوم القيامة (5) » ، وحديث عن
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
أبشر يا أبا بكر ، الذى وضأك للصلاة جبريل ، والذى مندلك ميكائيل ، والذى مسك ركبتى حتى لحقت الصلاة إسرافيل
إن الله جعل أبا بكر خليفتى على دين أوحيه ، فاسمعوا له تفلحوا ، وأطيعوه ترشدوا

===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
قد أبغضنى ، ومن أبغض الله فقد أبغضنى ، ومن أبغض الله أدخله الله النار ، وحديث : « يا على ، إن الله قد غفر لك ولذريتك ولوالديك وأهلك ولشيعتك ولحبى شيعتك (2) » .

وإلى جانب هذا وضع الشيعة أخبارا يزعمون بشعة تنال من أبى بكر وعمر وغيرهما زعمون فيها إساءة هؤلاء الصحابة إلى على رضى الله عنه وأهله ، وفى هذا يقول ابن أبى الحديد : ( فأما الأمور الشنيعة المستهجنة التى تذكرها الشيعة من إرسال قنفذ إلى بيت فاطمة ... وأن عمر ضغطها بين الباب والجدار ... وجعل فى عنقه حبلا يقاد به فكله لا أصل له عند أصحابنا ، ولا يثبته أحد منهم ، ولا رواه أهل الحديث ولا يعرفونه ، وإنما هو شئ تنفرد الشيعة بنقله (3) ) .

لقد رأى بعض الوضاعين من الأحزاب الأخرى أن هذه الأحاديث تنتقص أبا بكر وعمر وعثمان ومعاوية ، فوضعوا مقابلها أحاديث أخرى ترفع من شأن الشيخين ومعاوية ، من ذلك الحديث الموضوع : « لما عرج بى إلى السماء قلت : اللهم اجعل الخليفة من بعدى على بن أبى طالب ، فارتجت السموات ، وهتف بى الملائكة من كل جانب ، يا محمد اقرأ وما تشاؤون إلا أن يشاء الله ، قد شاء الله أن يكون من بعدك أبو بكر الصديق (4) » ، وما روى عن عبد الله بن جراد قال : « كنا عند رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم فأتى بفرس فركبه ، ثم قال : يركب هذا الفرس من يكون الخليفة بعدى ، فركبه أبو بكر (5) » .
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
يا على ، إن الله قد غفر لك ولذريتك ولوالديك وأهلك ولشيعتك ولحبى شيعتك
لما عرج بى إلى السماء قلت : اللهم اجعل الخليفة من بعدى على بن أبى طالب ، فارتجت السموات ، وهتف بى الملائكة من كل جانب

===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
العجائب فى كل سماء ، فلما أصبح جعل يحدث الناس من عجائب ربه ، وكذبه من كذبه من أهل مكة ، وصدقه من صدقه ، فعند ذلك انقض ذلك نجم من السماء ، فقال النبى صلى الله عليه وسلم : فى دار من وقع من هذا النجم فهو خليفتى من بعدى . فطلبوا ذلك النجم فوجدوه فى دار على بن أبى طالب رضى الله عنه ، فقال أهل مكة : ضل محمد وغوى ، وهوى إلى أهل بيته ، ومال إلى ابن عمه ، فعند ذلك نزلت هذه السورة « والنجم إذا هوى .. !! (1) » وحديث « خُلقت أنا وعلى من نور ، وكنا على يمين العرش . . . (2) » وافتنوا فى وضع الأحاديث كما يحبون ويهوون ، من ذلك « ستكون من ذلك فتنة ، فإن أدركها أحد منكم فعليه بخصلتين : كتاب الله ... وعلى بن أبى طالب . . . وهو خليفتى من بعدى (3) » ، و « من لم يقل على خير الناس فقد كفر (4) » ، و « النظر إلى على عبادة (5) » ، و « حب على يأكل السيئات كما تأكل النار الحطب (6) » ، و « من أراد أن ينظر إلى آدم فى علمه ، ونوح فى فهمه ، وإبراهيم فى حكمه ، ويحيى فى زهده ، وموسى فى بطشه - فلينظر إلى على (7) » ، و « من مات وفى قلبه بغض على بن أبى طالب - فليمت يهوديا أو نصرانيا (8) » ، وحديث « مثلى مثل شجرة ، أنا أصلها ، وعلى فرعها ، والحسن والحسين ثمرتها ، والشيعة ورقها ، فأى شئ يخرج من الطيب إلا الطيب (9) » ، و حديث : « من أحبنى فليحب عليا ، ومن أبغض عليا
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Surah An-Najm 53:1] والنجم إذا هوى
خُلقت أنا وعلى من نور ، وكنا على يمين العرش
من مات وفى قلبه بغض على بن أبى طالب - فليمت يهوديا أو نصرانيا

===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
مالك رضى الله عنه عن الرافضة ، فقال : لا تكلموهم ، ولا تروا عنهم ، فإنهم يكذبون (1) » ، وقال الشافعى : « لم أر أحدا أشهد بالزور من الرافضة (2) » ، وقال يزيد بن هارون : « يكتب عن كل مبتدع - إذا لم يكن داعية - إلا الرافضة ، فإنهم يكذبون (3) » ، وقال حماد بن سلمة : « حدثنى شيخ لهم تاب - يعنى الرافضة - قال : كنا إذا اجتمعنا فاستحسنا شيئا جعلناه حديثا (4) » .

وقد صنع الشيعة أحاديث كثيرة ، وحرفوا بعض الأحاديث حسب أهوائهم وفرقهم التى كانت تزداد يوما بعد يوم ، فوضعوا أحاديث فى مناقب على رضى الله عنه ، وأخرى وضعوها فى مثالب معاوية والأمويين ، وكتب الموضوعات مملوءة بأكاذيبهم ، وسنذكر بعض ما وضعوا على سبيل المثال ، ونبين أثره فى الأحزاب المعادية لهم .

وكان يهم الشيعة إثبات وصية الرسول صلى الله عليه وسلم لعلى بالخلافة من بعده ، فوضعوا كثيرا من الأحاديث فى هذا ، منها : « وصى ، وموضع سرى ، وخليفتى فى أهلى ، وخير من أخلف بعدى - على (5) » و « يا على ، أخصك بالنبوة ولا نبى بعدى (6) » . « وإن لكل نبى وصيا ووارثا ، وإن وصى ووارثى على بن أبى طالب (8) » وحديث « لما عرج بالنبى صلى الله عليه وسلم أراه الله من
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
كنا إذا اجتمعنا فاستحسنا شيئا جعلناه حديثا
وصى ، وموضع سرى ، وخليفتى فى أهلى ، وخير من أخلف بعدى - على

===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
وإنا لا نتصور قط أن يوافق الحسن أو الحسين أو محمد بن الحنفية أو جعفر الصادق أو زيد بن على وغيرهم من أهل البيت على الكذب على رسول الله جدهم وعلى جانب عظيم من الورع والتقى والصفاء ، وإن أهل البيت لأرفع بكثير من أن يكذبوا على رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم ، لهذا أحببت أن أبين أن أول من اتجه لهذا البحث أن أهل البيت براء من هذا كله ، وإنما حل إثم الوضع باسمهم من لف حولهم من شيعتهم ، وأساؤوا إلى إمامهم على رضى الله عنه أكثر مما أحسنوا إليه بذلك ، قال أبو الفرج بن الجوزى : « فضائل على الصحيحة كثيرة : غير أن الرافضة لا تقنع ، فوضعت له ما يضع ، لما يرفع (1) » .

وقد كثر الوضع منهم حتى أساءوا إلى سمعة العراق ، وأصبح أهل المدينة يتوقون حديثهم ، ( وصار الأمر يشتبه على من لا يميز بين هذا وهذا ، بمنزلة الرجل الغريب إذا دخل إلى بلد نصف أهله كذابون خوانون ، فإنه يحترس منهم حتى يعرف الصدوق الثقة (2) ) ، وقال أحد أصحاب على رضى الله عنه : « قاتلهم الله ! أى علم أفسدوا (3) » ، وقال عامر الشعبى : « ما كُذِبَ على أحد فى هذه الأمة ما كُذِبَ على على رضى الله عنه (4) » ، ويقول ابن تيمية : « وكذِبُ الرافضة مما يضرب به المثل (5) » ، وقال ابن المبارك : « الدين لأهل الحديث ، والكلام والحيل لأهل الرأى ، والكذب للرافضة (6) » ، و « سئل
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
فضائل على الصحيحة كثيرة : غير أن الرافضة لا تقنع ، فوضعت له ما يضع ، لما يرفع
ما كُذِبَ على أحد فى هذه الأمة ما كُذِبَ على على رضى الله عنه

===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
وضع أحاديث على لسان رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم ، ثم ازدادت الأسباب التى كان لها أثر بعيد فى وضع الحديث ، ونجمل هذه الأسباب فيما يلى :

1 - الأحزاب السياسية :

كان أول ما ظهر عقب فتنة أمير المؤمنين عثمان رضى الله عنه شيعة الإمام على ، وحزب معاوية ، ثم ظهر الخوارج بعد وقعة ( صفين ) ، وسنتناول بإيجاز أثر كل حزب فى وضع الحديث .

(1) أثر الشيعة وخصوصا الغلاة منهم فى وضع الحديث :

قال ابن أبى الحديد فى شرح نهج البلاغة : « إن أصل الأكاذيب فى أحاديث الفضائل كان من جهة الشيعة ، فإنهم وضعوا فى مبدأ الأمر أحاديث مختلفة فى صاحبهم ، حملهم على وضعها عداوة خصومهم . فلما رأت البكرية ما صنعت الشيعة وضعت لصاحبها أحاديث فى مقابلة هذه الأحاديث (1) » .

وما يؤسف له أن بعض أهل الأهواء وأعداء الإسلام اتخذوا التشيع ستارا لتحقيق أهوائهم ، والوصول إلى مآربهم . فكان كثير من الفتن يقوم باسمهم ، فنكب أهل البيت نكبات متوالية ، ذهب ضحيتها خيرة أبناء أمير المؤمنين على رضى الله عنه وأحفاده ، وسجل لهم التاريخ مآسى تتفطر لها القلوب ، وتقشعر لكل ذلك بسبب استغلال أعداء الدين اسم أهل البيت ، وهؤلاء المستغلون هم الذين وضعوا الأحاديث فى سبيل تأييد حركاتهم وشجعوا على وضعها (2)
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
إن أصل الأكاذيب فى أحاديث الفضائل كان من جهة الشيعة ، فإنهم وضعوا فى مبدأ الأمر أحاديث مختلفة فى صاحبهم

===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
ويرى أن الأحاديث الموضوعة قد ظهرت بكثرة فى العراق ، حيث قامت أكبر الفتن والحوادث فى هذا الإقليم ، كما نشأت بذور الفرق الدينية فيه ، وكادت ثقة المحدثين تفقد بعلماء هذا القطر ، لولا قيام نقاد الحديث ورجاله وعلمائه بالكشف عن الكذابين ، وبيان أحوالهم وتتبعهم .

وقد اشتهرت العراق بالوضع حتى سميت « دار الضرب » تضرب فيها الأحاديث كما تضرب الدراهم ، وكان أهل المدينة يتوقون أحاديثهم ، وكان مالك يقول : « نزلوا أحاديث أهل العراق منزلة أحاديث أهل الكتاب : لا تصدقوهم ولا تكذبوهم » . وقال له عبد الرحمن بن مهدى : يا أبا عبد الله ، سمعنا فى بلدكم - ( المدينة ) - أربعمائة حديث فى أربعين يوما ، ونحن ( أى فى العراق ) فى يوم واحد نسمع هذا كله ، فقال له : يا عبد الرحمن ، من أين لنا دار الضرب التى عندكم ؟ دار الضرب تضربون بالليل وتنفقون بالنهار (1) » وقال ابن شهاب : « يخرج الحديث من عندنا شبرا فيعود من عندنا فى العراق ذراعا (2) » وقال عبد الله بن عمرو بن العاص لجماعة من أهل العراق جاؤوا يسألونه أن يحدثهم : « إن من أهل العراق قوما يكذبون ويكذِّبون ويسخرون (3) » .

* * *

ثانيا - أسباب الوضع

ذكرت فيما سبق أن أسباب الوضع الرئيسية هى انقسام الأمة إلى أحزاب سياسية ، اتخذت شكلا دينيا ، وحاول كل حزب أن يدعم موقفه ويؤيد آراءه
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
نزلوا أحاديث أهل العراق منزلة أحاديث أهل الكتاب : لا تصدقوهم ولا تكذبوهم
إن من أهل العراق قوما يكذبون ويكذِّبون ويسخرون

===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
المثالية فى الحق ، وهى جرأة لم ترض لهم أن يسكتوا عن آبائهم وأعز الناس إليهم إذا انحرفوا عن سواء السبيل ، ولم يخيفهم آنذاك سلطان الحاكم ، ولا نفوذ القوى ، بل كثيرا ما كانوا يعترضون على الحكام والعلماء وغيرهم ، يمينون وجه الحق ، لا يخافون فيه لومة لائم .

وإن التاريخ الإسلامى ليعتز بذلك الجيل الذى تمثل الإسلام ، وعمل به فكان قدوة حسنة للأجيال التالية ، وإن هذا كله ليدفع كل شبهة تحوم حول إيقاع الصحابة فى نار الوضع (1) .

وكما نفينا عن الصحابة انغماسهم فى الوضع ننفى ذلك أيضا عن كبار التابعين وعلمائهم ، ونقرر أنه إذا حصل الوضع فى النصف الأول من القرن الهجرى الأول ، فإنما صدر عن بعض المستهترين من بعض الجهلين من طبقة التابعين وأتباع التابعين ، الذين حتمهم الخلافات السياسية والأهواء الشخصية على انتحال الكذب ، ووضع الأحاديث على رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم . وفى هذا العصر - عصر التابعين - كان الوضع أقل من الوضع فى عصر أتباع التابعين ، لكثرة الصحابة والتابعين الذين مارسوا السنة وبينوا السقيم من الصحيح ، ولعدم تفشى التحلل والكذب فى الأمة ، لقربها من عصر الرسول صلى الله عليه وسلم ، إذ لا تزال متأثرة بتوجيهاته ووصاياه ، تعمها التقوى والورع والخشية ، كل هذا خفف من انتشار الكذب والوضع ، إلى جانب أن دواعى الوضع وأسبابه كانت ضيقة محدودة فى نشأتها الأولى ، ثم كثرت وازدادت فيما بعد .

===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
« من كذب على متعمدا فليتبوأ مقعده من النار (1) » ، فلا يعقل أن يقدم أحد من الصحابة - بعد أن عرف جزاء الكذب على رسول الله - على وضع واختلاق ما لم يقله صلى الله عليه وسلم ، ولا يعقل أن يجازف أحد منهم بالنور النبوى الذى خالط قلبه وروحه ، فيطفئه بوضع حديث فى سبيل دعم فكرة أو للانتصار لحزب أو شخص ، وإن أية محاولة فى سبيل إثبات الوضع من قبل الصحابة ستبوء بالفشل ، لكثرة الأدلة القاطعة على ورعهم وخشيتهم وبعدهم عن المعاصى ، واعتزالهم أكثر الفتن وابتعادهم عن الضلالات والبدع ، بل إن الأدلة على أنهم كانوا حفظة للشريعة يذبون عن السنة التحريف والتأويل أكثر من أن تحصى ، ولو فرضنا جدلا وقوع الوضع من بعض الصحابة - وهذا بعيد - فإن ذلك سينكشف أمره وينتقل إلينا كما انتقلت أخبار كثير من الحوادث الجليلة والدقيقة (2) ، ويقوى هذا عندنا ذلك الوعى الرفيع الذى كان يتميز به الصحابة وكبار التابعين ، إلى جانب رسوخهم فى الحديث النبوى الشريف ، الذى يسهل عليهم معرفة الصحيح من الموضوع ، وراء هذا كله جرأتهم
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
من كذب على متعمدا فليتبوأ مقعده من النار

===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
ودفاعهم عن رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم ، وهجروا أوطانهم وقاسوا ألوان العذاب ، وصرارة العيش استجابة للرسول الكريم عليه الصلاة والسلام ، لا يعقل أن يتصورهم يفترون ويكذبون على رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم . وهم الذين نشؤوا فى رعايته ، وتخرجوا فى جامعته ، ونهلوا من معينه ، وتأسوا بعمله ، فكانوا على جانب عظيم من التقى والورع والخشية ، لذلك ننفى إقدام الصحابة الكرام على الكذب على رسول الله .

وإن ما نقله بعض أهل الأهواء - من أن بعض الصحابة والتابعين كانوا يضعون فى على عليه السلام الأخبار القبيحة التى تقتضى الطعن فيه والبراءة منه ، إرضاء لمعاوية الذى جعل لهم على ذلك جُعلا يرغب فى مثله فاختلقوا ما ارضاه . منهم : أبو هريرة ، وعمرو بن العاص ، والمغيرة بن شعبة ، ومن التابعين عروة بن الزبير (1) - إن ما نقله هؤلاء وغيرهم لا يرقى إلى الصحة ، وتاريخ الصحابة ينفى هذه الادعاءات ويدحض مثل هذه المزاعم .

وإن الواقع التاريخى فى حياة رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم وبعد وفاته ينفى كل افتراء على الصحابة فى هذا الموضوع ، والصحابة أسمى بكثير من أن يخوضوا فى الكذب والوضع ، وهم الذين سمعوا من رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم فى مواطن كثيرة قوله : « من تعمد على كذبا فليتبوأ مقعده من النار (2) » وقوله صلى الله عليه وسلم « إن كذبا على ليس كذبا على أحد ،
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
من تعمد على كذبا فليتبوأ مقعده من النار
إن كذبا على ليس كذبا على أحد

===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
[Arabic academic text, translated for reference] ...or his claim of divinity for him. Then the last era of the Companions was during the governance of Ibn al-Zubayr and Abd al-Malik. Then the heresy of the Murji'a and the Qadariyya arose, and in the late Umayyad caliphate the heresy of the Jahmiyya and the anthropomorphist (Mushabbiha) sect arose, and none of this existed in the era of the Companions. Likewise the trials (fitan) of the sword: the people were united during the governorship of Mu'awiyah, may Allah be pleased with him, fighting the enemy together. When Mu'awiyah died, Husayn was killed, and Ibn al-Zubayr was besieged in Makkah (2). Then the trial of the Harra occurred in Medina, then the trial of Yazid's death occurred in Syria between Marwan and al-Dahhak ibn Qays. Then al-Mukhtar rose up against Ibn Ziyad and killed him, and a trial occurred. Then Mus'ab ibn al-Zubayr came and killed al-Mukhtar, and a trial occurred. Then Abd al-Malik went out against Mus'ab and killed him, and a trial occurred. He sent al-Hajjaj to besiege Ibn al-Zubayr for a period until he killed him, and a trial occurred. Then when al-Hajjaj took charge of Iraq, Muhammad ibn al-Ash'ath rose up against him with a great following from the people of Iraq, and it was a huge trial; this was after the death of Mu'awiyah. Then a trial occurred [involving] Ibn al-Muhallab in Khurasan, and Zayd ibn Ali was killed in Kufa and many others were killed, then Abu Muslim arose in Khurasan and elsewhere, and wars and trials occurred and their description lengthens (3).

And in light of this, we do not consider it far-fetched that this state of affairs [i.e., fabrication of hadith] existed before the appearance of the great trial (fitna), just as we do not consider it far-fetched that some among the Companions might voluntarily fabricate hadith upon the tongue of the Messenger of Allah, peace and blessings be upon him, and it is not conceivable that a Muslim would imagine that the noble, illustrious Companions, who sacrificed themselves and their wealth in the path of Allah [and text continues onto next page]...
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
او لالاهيته
لا حكم إلا لله

===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
[Arabic academic text, translated for reference] ...explicit hadiths in support of political doctrines and religious sects, and fabricated hadiths were born together with the emergence of these sects, just as those who defended [certain positions] against opponents would fabricate hadiths refuting them, and so on, until a whole body of fabricated hadith accumulated, which the scholars of this science and its experts have since exposed. Fabrication was not limited to the merits of individuals, and support of opinions and doctrinal ideas and political schools; rather it extended to cover the various chapters of hadith literature, and fabricated hadiths came to address all aspects of life, private and public. Hadiths were fabricated concerning virtues and vices, hadiths on the merits of various lands and days, and others concerning different acts of worship, in transactions, food, literature, asceticism, remembrance (dhikr), supplication, medicine, illness, trials (fitan), inheritance law, and other topics.

It is worth noting that this state of affairs did not reach its peak until this [later] century, because it had begun shortly before the middle of the first Hijri century, and forgery was quickly recognized by the Companions and the Followers (Tabi'in) who knew and preserved hadith, and they were not misled by the fabrications of liars or the reports of forgers. This points to the fact that the causes of this phenomenon in that century were not numerous, and fabricated hadith did not increase in step with the growth of heresy (bid'ah) and dissension, and the senior Companions, Followers, and their scholars remained apart from it.

Imam Ibn Taymiyyah illustrates this for us in his statement: "The Companions, may Allah be pleased with them, had the fewest trials of any generation after them, for the further an era is removed from Prophethood, the more division and disagreement increase." Thus this did not happen until, during the caliphate of Uthman, people were killed and the community split, and two contrary heresies arose at the same time: the heresy of the Khawarij, who declared people disbelievers on account of sin, and the heresy of the Rafida, who claim [some figure's] imamate, infallibility, and prophethood, or [even] his divinity...

===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
[Arabic academic text, translated for reference] ...may Allah be pleased with him, because he was the caliph to whom the community gave allegiance after the murder of Uthman, may Allah be pleased with him. Mu'awiyah's faction rose up demanding retribution for Uthman's blood, and called for the pursuit of the caliphate and for governance following the arbitration (tahkim). The Khawarij were a group among the followers of the Commander of the Faithful [Ali] who rebelled against him because he had accepted arbitration, and they cried out, "No judgment except Allah's" (la hukma illa lillah). They also turned against Mu'awiyah, because he wished to assume authority over the believers, and this could not rightly happen except through mutual consultation (shura) among them. These were a strong and tough people, among the harshest and most severe of the Arabs, and the Commander of the Faithful, may Allah be pleased with him, fought many bloody battles against them for the whole duration of his caliphate, just as their impact continued to trouble the resting places of the Umayyad caliphs throughout the era of Umayyad rule.

After the martyrdom of Ali, may Allah be pleased with him, some among his party (Shia) rose up demanding the caliphate as their right.

Thus arose the parties and sects that took on a religious form, having the greatest impact on the establishment of religious doctrines within Islam. Each party attempted to support what it claimed by appeal to the Qur'an and the Sunnah, and, self-evidently, no party could find in the texts of the Noble Qur'an and the noble Sunnah anything that truly supported its claim. So they interpreted some texts of the Qur'an, and explained away some texts of hadith in ways the texts could not bear; even so, this did not achieve what they aimed for, and they did not find, in what they reinterpreted, any way to distort the Qur'an itself, owing to the great number of its memorizers (huffaz). So instead they resorted to distortion and fabrication regarding the Sunnah, attributing to the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him, things he never said, and the movement of fabrication grew active over time, until authentic hadith became intermixed with fabricated hadith, and fabricated hadiths appeared regarding the merits of the four caliphs and others among the leaders of sects and party chiefs, then further [fabrications] appeared...
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
لا حكم إلا لله

===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
Muhammad 'Ajjaj al-Khatib
Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Sharia, Damascus University

The Beginning of Fabrication and Its Causes

First: The Beginning of Fabrication

[Arabic academic text, translated for reference] The prophetic hadith remained pure, untouched by lies, and not subject to distortion or falsification throughout the whole period in which the community's word remained united behind the four Rightly-Guided Caliphs, before it split into sects and parties, and before people of vested interests and base desires infiltrated its ranks. The first spark that led to the numerous disturbances of the first Hijri century was the trial (fitna) of Uthman, may Allah be pleased with him, and his martyrdom, which shook the Islamic world tremendously and left the community with grave consequences whose effects have extended down to our present day.

Then, after the trial [had passed], the word of the Muslims gathered once more around the Commander of the Faithful Ali, may Allah be pleased with him. However, events proved stronger than allowing calm and peace to find their way to the state at that time, and this resulted in a major split within the ranks of the community: one part gathered under the banner of the Commander of the Faithful Ali, comprising the people of the Hijaz and Iraq, and the other camp under the Commander of Syria, Mu'awiyah, to whom most of the people of Syria and Egypt had attached themselves.

This division led the community into devastating, consuming wars, and it was not long before it ended in the arbitration (tahkim), which became a cause for the emergence of differing political sects (1), and the masses came to blindly follow...[text continues to next page, cut off at page bottom]

===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH, THE COMPASSIONATE, MOST MERCIFUL

Praise be to Allah, who revealed to His servant (Muhammad) this scripture, and made it flawless. A straight foreward message, to preach the awesome power He posesses, and to deliver good news to the believers who do good works; that they shall receive a generous recompense; they abide therein forever. And to warn those who say that God has begotten a son! They have no certain knowledge thereof, nor did their predecessors (who invented this lie). What a gross fabrication coming out of their mouths! They indeed utter but an abominable lie.

(Qur'an 18:1-5)
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 18:1-5] سورة الكهف مكية وآياتها ١١٠ - بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم - الحمد لله الذي أنزل على عبده الكتب ولم يجعل له عوجا . قيما لينذر بأسا شديدا من لدنه ويبشر المؤمنين الذين يعملون الصالحت أن لهم أجرا حسنا . مكثين فيه أبدا . وينذر الذين قالوا اتخذ الله ولدا . ما لهم به من علم ولا لابائهم كبرت كلمة تخرج من أفواههم إن يقولون إلا كذبا

===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
English Meanings of the Qur'an: 3
by Rashad Khalifa, Ph.D.

A true understanding of Islam requires, as a minimum, a reasonable understanding of its message, the Qur'an. While many people acquire a distorted picture of the religion by observing some aspects of the actions, history, or personal conduct of its professed followers, the readers of this series are presented with an opportunity to grasp the basic principles of true Islam. Readers who are familiar with the various Qur'anic translations will appreciate the fact that this is the first English rendering of the Qur'an's meanings by a Muslim Arab. It is being printed for the first time.

Sura Al-Baqarah (The Heifer) 2:99-187

In the Name of Allah, the Compassionate, most Merciful
(The Distortion of Previous Scripture)

99 We reveal to you herein (O Muhammad) clear verses; only the wicked shall reject them.
100 Is it ever so that whenever they make a covenant, some of them would disregard it? Indeed, most of them do not believe.
101 Thus, when a messenger from God came to them, though confirming their own scripture, some of those who received previous scripture rejected this scripture of God behind their backs as if they know not.
102 They followed instead what the devils have distorted for them such as the magic powers of Solomon. It was not Solomon who abused such powers; it was the devils who abused them. Thus, they taught the people sorcery as revealed through the two angels Harut and Marut. However, these two did not teach anyone except with the admonition that such teachings were a test; that no one shall abuse them. But they use this knowledge in such evil things as breaking up marriages. They can never hurt anyone, however, except by God's leave. They learn only what harms them, not what benefits them, and they fully realize that whoever follows such distortions gets no share in the hereafter. Miserable indeed is what they sold their souls for, if they only know.

===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:99-108 (approximate range)] ولقد أنزلنا إليك ءايت بينت وما يكفر بها إلا الفاسقون . أو كلما عهدوا عهدا نبذه فريق منهم بل أكثرهم لايؤمنون . ولما جاءهم رسول من عند الله مصدق لما معهم نبذ فريق من الذين أوتوا الكتب كتب الله وراء ظهورهم كأنهم لايعلمون . واتبعوا ما تتلوا الشيطين على ملك سليمن وما كفر سليمن ولكن الشيطين كفروا يعلمون الناس السحر وما أنزل على الملكين ببابل هروت ومروت وما يعلمان من أحد حتى يقولا إنما نحن فتنة فلا تكفر فيتعلمون منه ما يفرقون به بين المرء وزوجه وما هم بضارين به من أحد إلا بإذن الله ويتعلمون ما يضرهم ولاينفعهم ولقد علموا لمن اشتريه ماله فى الاخرة من خلق ولبئس ما شروا به أنفسهم لو كانوا يعلمون . ولو أنهم ءامنوا واتقوا لمثوبة من عند الله خير لو كانوا يعلمون . يأيها الذين ءامنوا لاتقولوا رعنا وقولوا انظرنا واسمعوا وللكفرين عذاب أليم . مايود الذين كفروا من أهل الكتب ولا المشركين أن ينزل عليكم من خير من ربكم والله يختص برحمته من يشاء والله ذو الفضل العظيم . ماننسخ من ءاية أو ننسها نأت بخير منها أو مثلها ألم تعلم أن الله على كل شئ قدير . ألم تعلم أن الله له ملك السموت والأرض وما لكم من دون الله من ولي ولا نصير . أم تريدون أن تسئلوا رسولكم كما سئل موسى من قبل ومن يتبدل الكفر بالإيمن فقد ضل سواء السبيل

===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

114 Who is more evil than those who abuse the mosques of Allah, forbid the commemoration of His name therein, and actively seek to destroy them? These ought not to enter them but fearfully. They shall have but humiliation in this life and they shall suffer in the hereafter a great punishment.
115 However, to Allah belongs the East and the West; wherever you go, there shall be the presence of Allah. Surely, Allah is Omnipresent, Omniscient.

(All are Subservient to Allah; He Begets Not)

116 They said, "Allah has begotten a son." Glory be to Him; Nay, to Him belong all that is in the heavens and the earth; All are subservient to Him.
117 He is the Initiator of the heavens and the earth. To ordain any matter, He simply says, "Be," and it is.
118 Those who have no knowledge say, "If only Allah would speak to us, or a miracle would come to us, (we will then believe)." Others before them had said the same thing. Their hearts are alike. We do clarify the signs for those who sincerely believe.
119 We have sent you (O Muhammad) with the truth, as a bearer of good news as well as a warner, and you are not responsible for those who merit Hell.
120 Neither the Jews, nor the Christians, would accept you unless you follow their way. Say, "The guidance of Allah is the true guidance." If you ever follow their wishes, after this knowledge has come to you, then you shall have no protector from Allah, nor a supporter.
121 Those to whom We have given previous scripture, and truly follow it, shall believe in this scripture. As for those who disbelieve in this, they shall be the losers.
122 O Children of Israel, appreciate the favors which I bestowed upon you, and that I set you apart from all peoples.
123 Beware of the day when no soul shall avail another soul, no ransom shall be accepted, intercession shall be useless, and no one can be helped.

(Abraham Fulfills the Commandments)

124 Recall that Abraham was put to the test by certain commandments from his Lord, and he did fulfill them. God then said, "I will make you an imam for the people." Abraham said, "And from among my progeny?" God said, "My covenant includes not the wrong-doers."
125 We rendered the House (the Ka'bah) a focal point for mankind, and a place of peace. Thus, you shall use this station of Abraham as

===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:120-129 (approximate range)] ولن ترضى عنك اليهود ولا النصرى حتى تتبع ملتهم قل إن هدى الله هو الهدى ولئن اتبعت أهواءهم بعد الذى جاءك من العلم مالك من الله من ولي ولا نصير . الذين ءاتينهم الكتب يتلونه حق تلاوته أولئك يؤمنون به ومن يكفر به فأولئك هم الخسرون . يبنى إسرءيل اذكروا نعمتى التى أنعمت عليكم وأنى فضلتكم على العلمين . واتقوا يوما لاتجزى نفس عن نفس شيئا ولايقبل منها عدل ولاتنفعها شفعة ولاهم ينصرون . وإذ ابتلى إبرهم ربه بكلمت فأتمهن قال إنى جاعلك للناس إماما قال ومن ذريتى قال لاينال عهدى الظلمين . وإذ جعلنا البيت مثابة للناس وأمنا واتخذوا من مقام إبرهم مصلى وعهدنا إلى إبرهم وإسمعيل أن طهرا بيتى للطائفين والعكفين والركع السجود . وإذ قال إبرهم رب اجعل هذا بلدا ءامنا وارزق أهله من الثمرت من ءامن منهم بالله واليوم الاخر قال ومن كفر فأمتعه قليلا ثم أضطره الى عذاب النار وبئس المصير . وإذ يرفع إبرهم القواعد من البيت وإسمعيل ربنا تقبل منا إنك أنت السميع العليم . ربنا واجعلنا مسلمين لك ومن ذريتنا أمة مسلمة لك وأرنا مناسكنا وتب علينا إنك أنت التواب الرحيم . ربنا وابعث فيهم رسولا منهم يتلوا عليهم ءايتك ويعلمهم الكتب والحكمة ويزكيهم إنك أنت العزيز الحكيم

===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

a place of worship. We appointed Abraham and Ishmael to purify My House (the Ka'bah) for those who would encircle it, those who take sanctuary therein, and those who bow down and fall prostrate.
126 Abraham said, "My Lord, make this a land of peace, and provide its people with fruits, provide for those among them who believe in Allah and the Last Day." God said, "I will also provide for him who disbelieves; I will provide for him temporarily, then I will commit him to the agony of the hellfire and a miserable destiny."
127 As Abraham raised the foundations of the House (the Ka'bah), together with Ishmael, they prayed, "Our Lord, accept (this) from us. Surely, you are the one who is All-Hearing, All-Knowing.
128 Our Lord, make us Muslims (submitters) to You, and from our progeny let there be a nation of Muslims to You. Teach us the rituals of worship, and redeem us. Surely, You are the Redeemer, most Merciful.
129 Our Lord, and raise from among them a messenger who would recite to them Your revelations, who would teach them the scripture and wisdom, and purify them. Surely, You are the Almighty, most Wise."

(Islam is the One Eternal Message)

130 Who would ever forsake the religion of Abraham, except those who deceive themselves? We have chosen him in this world, and in the hereafter he shall be among the righteous.
131 When his Lord said to him, "Submit," he said, "I submit (my will) to the Lord of the universe."
132 Furthermore, Abraham enjoined the same upon his children, and so did Jacob, saying, "O my children, Allah has pointed out the religion for you. Therefore, die not except as Muslims."
133 Were you witnesses when death came to Jacob? He asked his children, "What will you worship after I die?" They said, "We shall worship your God; the God of your fathers Abraham, Ishmael, and Isaac; the One God. To Him we are Muslims."
134 Such is a community from the past. They have whatever they earned; against them is whatever they committed, and you are not responsible for anything the did.
135 They say, "Be you Jewish, or Christian, to be on the right guidance." Say, "Nay, it is you who should follow the religion of Abraham, the monotheist; he never advocated polytheism."
136 You (believers) shall say, "We believe in God and what was revealed to us, and what was revealed through Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and what was given to Moses and Jesus, and what

===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:130-141 (approximate range)] ومن يرغب عن ملة إبرهم إلا من سفه نفسه ولقد اصطفينه فى الدنيا وإنه فى الاخرة لمن الصلحين . إذ قال له ربه أسلم قال أسلمت لرب العلمين . ووصى بها إبرهم بنيه ويعقوب يبنى إن الله اصطفى لكم الدين فلا تموتن إلا وأنتم مسلمون . أم كنتم شهداء إذ حضر يعقوب الموت إذ قال لبنيه ما تعبدون من بعدى قالوا نعبد إلهك وإله ءابائك إبرهم وإسمعيل وإسحق إلها وحدا ونحن له مسلمون . تلك أمة قد خلت لها ما كسبت ولكم ما كسبتم ولاتسئلون عما كانوا يعملون . وقالوا كونوا هودا أو نصرى تهتدوا قل بل ملة إبرهم حنيفا وما كان من المشركين . قولوا ءامنا بالله وما أنزل إلينا وما أنزل إلى إبرهم وإسمعيل وإسحق ويعقوب والأسباط وما أوتى موسى وعيسى وما أوتى النبيون من ربهم لانفرق بين أحد منهم ونحن له مسلمون . فإن ءامنوا بمثل ما ءامنتم به فقد اهتدوا وإن تولوا فإنما هم فى شقاق فسيكفيكهم الله وهو السميع العليم . صبغة الله ومن أحسن من الله صبغة ونحن له عبدون . قل أتحاجوننا فى الله وهو ربنا وربكم ولنا أعملنا ولكم أعملكم ونحن له مخلصون . أم تقولون إن إبرهم وإسمعيل وإسحق ويعقوب والأسباط كانوا هودا أو نصرى قل ءأنتم أعلم أم الله ومن أظلم ممن كتم شهدة عنده من الله وما الله بغفل عما تعملون . تلك أمة قد خلت لها ما كسبت ولكم ما كسبتم ولاتسئلون عما كانوا يعملون

===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

was given to all the prophets from their Lord; we make no discrimination against any of them, and to Him we are Muslims."
137 If they believe in the same things you believe in, then they shall be rightly guided. But if they turn away, then they are in oppostion. Allah will spare you their opposition; He is All-Hearing, All-Knowing.
138 Such is the methodology of Allah, and who has a better methodology than Allah; Him alone do we worship.
139 Say, "Do you argue with us concerning Allah, though He is our Lord as well as your Lord? You have your works and we have our works, and to Him we shall remain sincere.
140 You claim that Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, and the Patriarchs were Jews or Christians; are you more knowledgable than Allah? Who is more evil than one who conceals a testimony from Allah? Allah is never unaware of anything you do.
141 Such is a community from the past. They have whatever they earned; against them is whatever they committed, and you are not responsible for ahything they did.

(The Direction of Qiblah as a Test)

142 The unwitting among the people may ask, "Why did they change the Qiblah which they used to face?" Say, "To God belong the East and the West; He directs whomever He wills to the right path."
143 We have thus made you an objective community, that you may bear witness for mankind, just as the messenger bore witness for you. We have set up for you the initial direction of Qiblah only to distinguish those who would still follow the messenger from those who would turn back on their heels. Such was an exacting trial, except for those whom Allah had guided. Allah wastes not your works of faith. Surely, Allah is most Benevolent to mankind, most Merciful.
144 We have seen you turn your face to the heaven (in anticipation of the Qiblah you really desire). Therefore, We herein turn you towards a Qiblah which is pleasing to you, You shall henceforth turn your face towards the Sacred Mosque (mecca), and wherever you may be (O believers) you shall turn your faces towards it. Surely, those who received previous scripture realize that this is the truth from their Lord. Allah is never unaware of anything they do.
145 However, even if you show those who received previous scripture every possible miracle, they will not follow your Qiblah; you shall not follow their Qiblah. They do not even follow each other's Qiblah. Surely, if you ever follow their wishes, after this knowledge has come to you, you would be among the wrong-doers.

===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:142-149 (approximate range)] سيقول السفهاء من الناس ما ولاهم عن قبلتهم التى كانوا عليها قل لله المشرق والمغرب يهدى من يشاء إلى صرط مستقيم . وكذلك جعلنكم أمة وسطا لتكونوا شهداء على الناس ويكون الرسول عليكم شهيدا وما جعلنا القبلة التى كنت عليها إلا لنعلم من يتبع الرسول ممن ينقلب على عقبيه وإن كانت لكبيرة إلا على الذين هدى الله وما كان الله ليضيع إيمنكم إن الله بالناس لرءوف رحيم . قد نرى تقلب وجهك فى السماء فلنولينك قبلة ترضاها فول وجهك شطر المسجد الحرام وحيث ماكنتم فولوا وجوهكم شطره وإن الذين أوتوا الكتب ليعلمون أنه الحق من ربهم وما الله بغفل عما يعملون . ولئن أتيت الذين أوتوا الكتب بكل ءاية ماتبعوا قبلتك وماأنت بتابع قبلتهم وما بعضهم بتابع قبلة بعض ولئن اتبعت أهواءهم من بعد ماجاءك من العلم إنك إذا لمن الظلمين . الذين ءاتينهم الكتب يعرفونه كما يعرفون أبناءهم وإن فريقا منهم ليكتمون الحق وهم يعلمون . الحق من ربك فلا تكونن من الممترين . ولكل وجهة هو موليها فاستبقوا الخيرت أين ما تكونوا يأت بكم الله جميعا إن الله على كل شئ قدير . ومن حيث خرجت فول وجهك شطر المسجد الحرام وإنه للحق من ربك وما الله بغفل عما تعملون

===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

146 Those to whom We have given previous scripture recognize the truth herein just as they recognize their own children. But, surely, some of them conceal the truth knowingly.
147 This is the truth from your Lord; you shall not have any doubts about it.
148 To each is a direction to which he turns, you shall turn eagerly towards the good works. Wherever you might be, Allah will bring you all. Surely, Allah is Omnipotent.
149 Wherever you may go (O Muhammad) you shall turn your face towards the Sacred Mosque. This is the truth from your Lord, and Allah is never unaware of anything you do.
150 Wherever you may go (O Muhammad) you shall turn your face towards the Sacred Mosque, and wherever you might be (O believers), you shall turn your faces towards it. Thus, other people will have no argument against you, except those among them who are unjust; do not fear them, and fear Me. Thus do I complete My favors to you, and to render you rightly guided.
151 Other favors included Our raising of a messenger from amongst you to recite for you Our revelations, and to teach you the scripture and the wisdom, and to teach you things you never knew.
152 Therefore, you shall commemorate Me; I will then commemorate you; you shall be thankful to Me; do not be unappreciative.

(The Believers Must be Put to the Test)

153 O you who believe, you shall resort to steadfastness and the salat prayers. Surely, Allah is with those who steadfastly persevere.
154 Do not consider those who are killed in the cause of Allah to be dead. Nay, they are alive, but you perceive not.
155 We will put you to the test by means of some fear, hunger, and loss of monies and lives and crops. Give the good news to those who steadfastly persevere.
156 When a disaster befalls them they say, "We belong to Allah, and to Him we shall return."
157 These shall receive exaltations from their Lord, and mercy; these are the rightly guided ones.

(Rituals of Hajj)

158 The knolls of Safa and Marwah are among the sacred altars of God. Thus, whoever observes the pilgrimage to Mecca, or observe the 'Umrah visitation, shall encircle them. Whoever volunteers more good works, surely, Allah is appreciative thereof, fully aware.
159 Surely, those who conceal what We sent down of clear revelations

===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:150-159 (approximate range)] ومن حيث خرجت فول وجهك شطر المسجد الحرام وحيث ماكنتم فولوا وجوهكم شطره لئلا يكون للناس عليكم حجة إلا الذين ظلموا منهم فلا تخشوهم واخشونى ولأتم نعمتى عليكم ولعلكم تهتدون . كما أرسلنا فيكم رسولا منكم يتلوا عليكم ءايتنا ويزكيكم ويعلمكم الكتب والحكمة ويعلمكم مالم تكونوا تعلمون . فاذكرونى أذكركم واشكروا لى ولاتكفرون . يأيها الذين ءامنوا استعينوا بالصبر والصلوة إن الله مع الصبرين . ولاتقولوا لمن يقتل فى سبيل الله أموت بل أحياء ولكن لاتشعرون . ولنبلونكم بشئ من الخوف والجوع ونقص من الأموال والأنفس والثمرت وبشر الصبرين . الذين إذا أصابتهم مصيبة قالوا إنا لله وإنا إليه رجعون . أولئك عليهم صلوت من ربهم ورحمة وأولئك هم المهتدون . إن الصفا والمروة من شعائر الله فمن حج البيت أو اعتمر فلا جناح عليه أن يطوف بهما ومن تطوع خيرا فإن الله شاكر عليم . إن الذين يكتمون ما أنزلنا من البينت والهدى من بعد ما بيّنه للناس فى الكتب أولئك يلعنهم الله ويلعنهم اللعنون

===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

and guidance, after We have clarified them for mankind in this scripture, these shall be cursed by Allah; they shall be cursed by all who curse.
160 Only those who repent, reform, and declare this scripture, I will redeem them; for I am the Redeemer, most Merciful.
161 As for those who disbelieve, and die as disbelievers, they merit but the curse of Allah, the angels, and all mankind.
162 Eternally they abide therein; neither their punishment can be commuted, nor shall they be granted respite.
163 Your God is One God. There is no good except He, the most Compassionate, most Merciful.

(The Overwhelming Evidence of God)

164 Certainly, the creation of the heavens and the earth; the alternation of night and day; the ships which roam the sea for the benefit of mankind; the water which Allah sends down from the sky to revive dead land therwith and spread in it all kinds of creatures; the manipulation of the winds; the clouds which are placed between the sky and the earth; all these are signs for the people who understand.
165 Yet, some people set up rivals to rank with Allah, and even love them as if they were Allah. But those who believe are much more sincere in their love of Allah. If only the wrong-doers could envision the punishment which awaits them? They shall then realize that all power belongs to Allah, and that Allah is strict in retribution.
166 Those who were followed shall then disown their followers; they shall see the punishment, and all their ties shall be severed.
167 Those who had followed shall say, "If only we could go back, we would disown them as they now disown us." Thus does Allah show them the consequences of their works; nothing but regrets. They shall never get out of the hellfire.

(All Good Food is Lawful)

168 O mankind, eat from the earth that which is lawful and good. Do not follow the steps of Satan, for surely he is your ardent enemy.
169 He only enjoins upon you evil and vice, and to say about Allah what you know not.
170 Thus, when it is said to them, "Follow what Allah sent down," they say, "Nay, we follow only what we found our parents doing." What if their parents lacked any understanding, and were never guided?
171 The similitude of those who disbelieve is like one who parrots whatever he hears without comprehension. They are deaf, dumb, and blind; they can never understand.

===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:160-167 (approximate range)] إلا الذين تابوا وأصلحوا وبينوا فأولئك أتوب عليهم وأنا التواب الرحيم . إن الذين كفروا وماتوا وهم كفار أولئك عليهم لعنة الله والملئكة والناس أجمعين . خلدين فيها لايخفف عنهم العذاب ولاهم ينظرون . وإلهكم إله وحد لا إله إلا هو الرحمن الرحيم . إن فى خلق السموت والأرض واختلف اليل والنهار والفلك التى تجرى فى البحر بما ينفع الناس وما أنزل الله من السماء من ماء فأحيا به الأرض بعد موتها وبث فيها من كل دابة وتصريف الريح والسحاب المسخر بين السماء والأرض لايت لقوم يعقلون . ومن الناس من يتخذ من دون الله أندادا يحبونهم كحب الله والذين ءامنوا أشد حبا لله ولو يرى الذين ظلموا إذ يرون العذاب أن القوة لله جميعا وأن الله شديد العذاب . إذ تبرأ الذين اتبعوا من الذين اتبعوا ورأوا العذاب وتقطعت بهم الأسباب . وقال الذين اتبعوا لو أن لنا كرة فنتبرأ منهم كما تبرءوا منا كذلك يريهم الله أعملهم حسرت عليهم وما هم بخرجين من النار

===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

(Prohibited Meats)

172 O you who believe, eat from the good things We provided for you, and be thankful to Allah if you sincerely worship Him.
173 He only prohibits for you the meat of dead animals, the blood, the meat of swine, and the meat which is dedicated to other than Allah. However, if one is forced to eat these, without being malicious or deliberate, commits no sin. Surely, Allah is Forgiver, most Merciful.
174 Those who conceal what Allah has revealed in this scripture, and trade it away for a cheap material gain, they eat into their bellies but fire; Allah will not speak to them on the Day of Resurrection, nor will He purify them, and they shall suffer a painful punishment.
175 It is they who chose the straying over the guidance, and the punishment over the forgiveness. Therefore, they will have to endure the hellfire.
176 That, because Allah sent down this scripture bearing the Truth; those who dispute this scripture are in extreme error.

(The Definition of Righteousness)

177 Righteousness is not simply turning your faces towards the East or the West (in salat); but righteousness is to believe in Allah, the Last Day, the angels, the scripture, and the prophets, and to donate the money, despite one's love thereof, to the relatives, the poor, the alien, the beggars, and for the liberation of slaves, and to observe the salat prayers and the Zakat charity, and to fufill the promises whenever they are made, and to steadfastly persevere in the face of adversity, hardship, and war. These are the truthful; these are the pious.

(The Punishment for Murder)

178 O you who believe, ordained for you herein is commensuration when imposing the maximum punishment for murder; the free person for the free person, the slave for the slave, and the female for the female. However, if the guilty is pardoned by the victim's kin, then he shall pay an equitable compensation. This is an alleviation from your Lord and mercy. Whoever transgresses these limits shall suffer a painful retribution.
179 Commensuration shall be a life-saving law for you, O you who possess understanding, that you may achieve piety.

(A Will Shall be Written Before Death)

180 It is ordained for you herein that when death approaches the one of you, if he is to leave any wealth behind, a will shall be made for the sake of the parents and relatives equitably. This is an obligation on those who are pious.

===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
[This page contains only the Arabic Qur'anic text in an ornate mushaf-style calligraphic frame; no separate prose content.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:168-176 (approximate range)] يأيها الناس كلوا مما فى الأرض حللا طيبا ولاتتبعوا خطوت الشيطن إنه لكم عدو مبين . إنما يأمركم بالسوء والفحشاء وأن تقولوا على الله مالاتعلمون . وإذا قيل لهم اتبعوا ما أنزل الله قالوا بل نتبع ما ألفينا عليه ءاباءنا أولو كان ءاباؤهم لايعقلون شيئا ولايهتدون . ومثل الذين كفروا كمثل الذى ينعق بما لايسمع إلا دعاء ونداء صم بكم عمى فهم لايعقلون . يأيها الذين ءامنوا كلوا من طيبت ما رزقنكم واشكروا لله إن كنتم إياه تعبدون . إنما حرم عليكم الميتة والدم ولحم الخنزير وما أهل به لغير الله فمن اضطر غير باغ ولاعاد فلا إثم عليه إن الله غفور رحيم . إن الذين يكتمون ما أنزل الله من الكتب ويشترون به ثمنا قليلا أولئك مايأكلون فى بطونهم إلا النار ولايكلمهم الله يوم القيمة ولايزكيهم ولهم عذاب أليم . أولئك الذين اشتروا الضللة بالهدى والعذاب بالمغفرة فما أصبرهم على النار . ذلك بأن الله نزل الكتب بالحق وإن الذين اختلفوا فى الكتب لفى شقاق بعيد

===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
SURA AL-BAQARAH

181 If anyone alters a will after hearing it, the sin thereof shall befall those who alter it. Surely, Allah is all-Hearing, all-Knowing.
182 However, if one senses unreasonable partiality on the part of a testator, or sinful injustice, and corrects the will, then he commits no sin. Surely, Allah is Forgiver, most Merciful.

(Fasting is Ordained)

183 O you who believe, fasting is ordained for you herein, as it was ordained for those before you, that you may observe piety.
184 A specific number of days is assigned for fasting; if any of you is ill or travelling during these days, he may fast an equal number of other days. As for those unable to fast at all, they shall expiate by feeding one poor person for each day; whoever volunteers to feed more, it would be better for him. But fasting is best for you, if you only know.
185 The month of Ramadan is the one wherein the Qur'an was revealed for the guidance of mankind; to provide a clear message and the statute book. Therefore, anyone of you who witnesses this month shall fast therein. If one is ill or travelling, he may fast an equal number of other days. Allah wants for you ease, rather than hardship; you shall fast the full assigned number of days; you shall exalt Allah for guiding you; you shall be appreciative.
186 If my servants ask you about Me, I am near. I respond to the call of any caller who calls on Me. Therefore, they shall respond to Me, and believe in Me, that they may be rightly directed.
187 Permitted to you is sexual intercourse with your women during the night of fasting; they are your confidantes, and you are their confidants. Allah knows that you used to wrong your souls; He redeems you herein, and pardons you. Thus, you may have intercourse with them, seeking what Allah has ordained for you, and you may eat and drink until the white thread of daylight becomes distinguishable from the black thread of night, at dawn. From that time on, you shall complete the fasting until the following night. You may not have intercourse with them if you decide to go in seclusion in the mosque. These are the limits as set by Allah; you shall not transgress them. Allah thus clarified His revelation to mankind, that they may observe piety.

===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
[Right-hand page: Arabic Qur'an text, Surah al-Baqarah (Surat 2), Juz' 2 (al-Juz' al-Thani), verses approximately 177-183, printed in a decorated maroon-ink frame with the page number "21" (Qur'an mushaf page number) at the bottom of the frame.]

[Left-hand margin shows a sliver of the facing page's English translation, cut off by the camera angle and page curvature: fragments include "...Ordained...", "...ordained for you...", "...may fast an equal number...", "...all, they shall expiate by...", "...or volunteers to feed none...", "...for you, if you only know...", "...wherein the Qur'an was...", "...a clear message and the...", "...witnesses this month shall...", "...fast an equal number of...", "...to hardship; you shall...", "...ult Allah for guiding you...", "...m near. I respond to...", "...they shall respond to...", "...rected.", "...your women during...", "...you are their confidan...", "...He redeems you her...", "...se with them, seek...", "...t and drink until...", "...om the black threa...", "...omplete the fasting...", "...ourse with them...", "...are the limits o...", "...hus clarified th...". These fragments are the edge of the English translation on the facing (preceding) page and are too fragmentary and obscured by page-curl to transcribe as continuous prose.

Footer: "ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)" and page number "265".
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:177] لَيْسَ الْبِرَّ أَنْ تُوَلُّوا وُجُوهَكُمْ قِبَلَ الْمَشْرِقِ وَالْمَغْرِبِ وَلَٰكِنَّ الْبِرَّ مَنْ آمَنَ بِاللَّهِ وَالْيَوْمِ الْآخِرِ وَالْمَلَائِكَةِ وَالْكِتَابِ وَالنَّبِيِّينَ وَآتَى الْمَالَ عَلَىٰ حُبِّهِ ذَوِي الْقُرْبَىٰ وَالْيَتَامَىٰ وَالْمَسَاكِينَ وَابْنَ السَّبِيلِ وَالسَّائِلِينَ وَفِي الرِّقَابِ وَأَقَامَ الصَّلَاةَ وَآتَى الزَّكَاةَ وَالْمُوفُونَ بِعَهْدِهِمْ إِذَا عَاهَدُوا وَالصَّابِرِينَ فِي الْبَأْسَاءِ وَالضَّرَّاءِ وَحِينَ الْبَأْسِ أُولَٰئِكَ الَّذِينَ صَدَقُوا وَأُولَٰئِكَ هُمُ الْمُتَّقُونَ
[Qur'an 2:178] يَا أَيُّهَا الَّذِينَ آمَنُوا كُتِبَ عَلَيْكُمُ الْقِصَاصُ فِي الْقَتْلَى الْحُرُّ بِالْحُرِّ وَالْعَبْدُ بِالْعَبْدِ وَالْأُنْثَىٰ بِالْأُنْثَىٰ فَمَنْ عُفِيَ لَهُ مِنْ أَخِيهِ شَيْءٌ فَاتِّبَاعٌ بِالْمَعْرُوفِ وَأَدَاءٌ إِلَيْهِ بِإِحْسَانٍ ذَٰلِكَ تَخْفِيفٌ مِنْ رَبِّكُمْ وَرَحْمَةٌ فَمَنِ اعْتَدَىٰ بَعْدَ ذَٰلِكَ فَلَهُ عَذَابٌ أَلِيمٌ
[Qur'an 2:179] وَلَكُمْ فِي الْقِصَاصِ حَيَاةٌ يَا أُولِي الْأَلْبَابِ لَعَلَّكُمْ تَتَّقُونَ
[Qur'an 2:180] كُتِبَ عَلَيْكُمْ إِذَا حَضَرَ أَحَدَكُمُ الْمَوْتُ إِنْ تَرَكَ خَيْرًا الْوَصِيَّةُ لِلْوَالِدَيْنِ وَالْأَقْرَبِينَ بِالْمَعْرُوفِ حَقًّا عَلَى الْمُتَّقِينَ
[Qur'an 2:181] فَمَنْ بَدَّلَهُ بَعْدَمَا سَمِعَهُ فَإِنَّمَا إِثْمُهُ عَلَى الَّذِينَ يُبَدِّلُونَهُ إِنَّ اللَّهَ سَمِيعٌ عَلِيمٌ
[Qur'an 2:182] فَمَنْ خَافَ مِنْ مُوصٍ جَنَفًا أَوْ إِثْمًا فَأَصْلَحَ بَيْنَهُمْ فَلَا إِثْمَ عَلَيْهِ إِنَّ اللَّهَ غَفُورٌ رَحِيمٌ
[Qur'an 2:183] يَا أَيُّهَا الَّذِينَ آمَنُوا كُتِبَ عَلَيْكُمُ الصِّيَامُ كَمَا كُتِبَ عَلَى الَّذِينَ مِنْ قَبْلِكُمْ لَعَلَّكُمْ تَتَّقُونَ

===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
[Left-hand page: Arabic Qur'an text, Surat al-Baqarah, continuing Juz' 2, verses approximately 184-187, in the same decorated frame, ending with mushaf page number "22".]

[Right-hand page, partially visible/curved, is the start of a new English-language article. Legible fragments, reconstructed as continuous where the words are unambiguous despite the curve of the page: "...be to Allah, Lord... compassionate, most Me[rciful]... and blessings [on His messenger Muh]ammad. The journal ISLAM w[ill not be published during the year] 1395/1975 in order... full resources and c[apabilities]... [to devote to] the production of an his[torical]... QUR'ANIC TRANSLAT[ION]... [WHOSE MOTHER TONGUE IS ARABIC]... represents the culminat[ion]... [ef]fort and dedicated e[xertion]... [to produce an English ren]dering of the Qur'a[n's meanings]... [as accurately as hu]manly possible; a re[ndering]... [worthy of God's fin]alized and complete[d message]... Realizing the aw[esome responsibility]... [tr]anslating and/or int[erpreting God's message, the Arab] Muslim scholars of th[e past 1400 years have shied away] fr[om] this great under[taking. Thus, though it is the ruling con]stitution in the li[ves of millions of English-speaking] Muslims, the Qur'an [was never previously translated into] E[nglish] by a Muslim... [The evident] errors, deficiencies,... [and inconsistencies common to the] presently available [translations have been a source of fru]stration and di[sappointment for the English-speaking] st[udents] of the Qur'an. In spite of the... [admirable life-time eff]orts of such [great Muslim scholars]... [Abdullah Yusuf 'Ali a]nd Muḥ[ammad Marmaduke Pickth]all..." This is the same article that continues clearly on the following page (page 103/267), titled "1395/1975: An Historical Year."
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Qur'an 2:184] أَيَّامًا مَعْدُودَاتٍ فَمَنْ كَانَ مِنْكُمْ مَرِيضًا أَوْ عَلَىٰ سَفَرٍ فَعِدَّةٌ مِنْ أَيَّامٍ أُخَرَ وَعَلَى الَّذِينَ يُطِيقُونَهُ فِدْيَةٌ طَعَامُ مِسْكِينٍ فَمَنْ تَطَوَّعَ خَيْرًا فَهُوَ خَيْرٌ لَهُ وَأَنْ تَصُومُوا خَيْرٌ لَكُمْ إِنْ كُنْتُمْ تَعْلَمُونَ
[Qur'an 2:185] شَهْرُ رَمَضَانَ الَّذِي أُنْزِلَ فِيهِ الْقُرْآنُ هُدًى لِلنَّاسِ وَبَيِّنَاتٍ مِنَ الْهُدَىٰ وَالْفُرْقَانِ فَمَنْ شَهِدَ مِنْكُمُ الشَّهْرَ فَلْيَصُمْهُ وَمَنْ كَانَ مَرِيضًا أَوْ عَلَىٰ سَفَرٍ فَعِدَّةٌ مِنْ أَيَّامٍ أُخَرَ يُرِيدُ اللَّهُ بِكُمُ الْيُسْرَ وَلَا يُرِيدُ بِكُمُ الْعُسْرَ وَلِتُكْمِلُوا الْعِدَّةَ وَلِتُكَبِّرُوا اللَّهَ عَلَىٰ مَا هَدَاكُمْ وَلَعَلَّكُمْ تَشْكُرُونَ
[Qur'an 2:186] وَإِذَا سَأَلَكَ عِبَادِي عَنِّي فَإِنِّي قَرِيبٌ أُجِيبُ دَعْوَةَ الدَّاعِ إِذَا دَعَانِ فَلْيَسْتَجِيبُوا لِي وَلْيُؤْمِنُوا بِي لَعَلَّهُمْ يَرْشُدُونَ
[Qur'an 2:187] أُحِلَّ لَكُمْ لَيْلَةَ الصِّيَامِ الرَّفَثُ إِلَىٰ نِسَائِكُمْ هُنَّ لِبَاسٌ لَكُمْ وَأَنْتُمْ لِبَاسٌ لَهُنَّ عَلِمَ اللَّهُ أَنَّكُمْ كُنْتُمْ تَخْتَانُونَ أَنْفُسَكُمْ فَتَابَ عَلَيْكُمْ وَعَفَا عَنْكُمْ فَالْآنَ بَاشِرُوهُنَّ وَابْتَغُوا مَا كَتَبَ اللَّهُ لَكُمْ وَكُلُوا وَاشْرَبُوا حَتَّىٰ يَتَبَيَّنَ لَكُمُ الْخَيْطُ الْأَبْيَضُ مِنَ الْخَيْطِ الْأَسْوَدِ مِنَ الْفَجْرِ ثُمَّ أَتِمُّوا الصِّيَامَ إِلَى اللَّيْلِ وَلَا تُبَاشِرُوهُنَّ وَأَنْتُمْ عَاكِفُونَ فِي الْمَسَاجِدِ تِلْكَ حُدُودُ اللَّهِ فَلَا تَقْرَبُوهَا كَذَٰلِكَ يُبَيِّنُ اللَّهُ آيَاتِهِ لِلنَّاسِ لَعَلَّهُمْ يَتَّقُونَ

===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
1395/1975: An Historical Year

Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Universe; the most Compassionate, most Merciful, and may Allah bestow peace and blessings on His beloved messenger Muhammad.

The journal ISLAM will not be published during the year 1395/1975 in order to devote all our editorial efforts and full resources and capabilities to the final stage in the production of an historical first, namely, THE FIRST QUR'ANIC TRANSLATION BY A MUSLIM SCHOLAR WHOSE MOTHER TONGUE IS ARABIC. This final stage represents the culmination of many years of painstaking effort and dedicated exertion to produce an English rendering of the Qur'an's meanings as accurately as humanly possible; a rendering which is worthy of God's finalized and completed message to all mankind.

Realizing the awesome responsibility inherent in translating and/or interpreting God's message, the Arab Muslim scholars of the past 1400 years have shied away from this great undertaking. Thus, though it is the ruling constitution in the lives of millions of English-speaking Muslims, the Qur'an was never previously translated into English by a Muslim Arab. The evident errors, inaccuracies, deficiencies, and inconsistencies common to the presently available translations have been a source of frustration and disappointment for the English-speaking students of the Qur'an. In spite of the admirable life-time efforts of such great Muslim scholars as 'Abdullah Yusuf 'Ali and Muhammad Marmaduke Pickthall, it is no secret that their renderings did not capture the spirit of the [continues to next page]

===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
[continued from previous page] Qur'an's language. This is especially recognized by those familiar with the Arabic language.

Publication of the new translation, with commentary, a comprehensive index, and the Arabic text, is scheduled for Ramadan 1395 (September 1975). The pre-publication price is set at $12.65 (quantity discounts available). You may reserve your copy now by sending your payment, address, and telephone number to:

Islamic Productions
Box 12202
St. Louis, Missouri 63157

We also solicit your generous donations to this historical project. Undoubtedly, you will be repaid many fold for your contributions by the Almighty Allah.

Allah willing, publication of the journal will resume with the first issue of the second volume in Muharram 1396 (January 1976). Reminders to renew your subscription will be mailed out October 1975.

===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
[Decorative title page, bordered in maroon ink]

[Arabic calligraphic title, large script]

English Meanings of the Qur'an
(With the Arabic Text)

TRANSLATION AND COMMENTARY
by

Rashad Khalifa, Ph.D.

Reviewed and Edited by:
Sulayman Shahid Mufassir
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
قرآن كريم لا يمسه الا المطهرون تنزيل من رب العالمين

===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
[Two boxed quotations on the page]

My beloved: Do not argue with others in defense of the truth. All you need to do is declare it. You are not responsible for their rejection of the truth; if they accept it, then Allah has blessed them; if they reject it, you are not liable.
Salamah b. Hasan Al-Radi

Faith is necessary for religions, but it ceases to be so for those who go further and who achieve self-realization in God. Then one no longer believes because one sees. There is no longer any need to believe, when one sees the Truth.
Ahmad b. Mustafa Al-'Alawi

[Right-hand edge of the page shows the start of the next article, partially cut off: "The Ap[horisms] of Salam[ah]...", "These aphorisms, w[ith]...", "Qur'an, the sunna,...", "Sufism. Published fo[r]...", "are valuable pieces...", "time, Shaykh Salam[ah]...", and the numbered items 31-36 beginning, which are fully legible on the following page (pdf_page 107).]

===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
Islamic Concentrates

The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi: 3

These aphorisms, with their esoteric connotations, are derived from the Qur'an, the sunna, teachings of the great imams, and the principles of Sufism. Published for the first time in English, these particular aphorisms are valuable pieces of advice delivered by one of the greatest Sufis of all time, Shaykh Salamah Al-Radi, to his dervishes.

31. My beloved: Once you achieve absolute slavery to Allah, you become masters of your surroundings; you say to anything, "Be," and it is. Once you eliminate your ego, and live totally devoted to your Lord, everything obeys you.

32. My beloved: If you become filled with the love of Allah, all things will go your way: you simply wish for anything, and it comes true.

33. My beloved: Your Master treats you in the like of your treatment of Him; If you remember Him, He remembers you; If you long for Him, He longs for you; If you hasten to please Him, He hastens to please you. Accordingly, judge your position with Him for yourselves.

34. My beloved: If you care only for your own desires, and fail to control them, you may not be admitted into the court of your Master. Moses had said, "My Lord, how can I reach you?" God said, "Abandon your ego and come."

35. My beloved: Your monies and your children are favors from Allah to you for as long as they do not divert you away from your Master; If you abandon your Master in their favor, they become but a disasterous curse.

36. My beloved: If your hearts are purged from loving anything besides your Master, He grants you a restful worldly life; only a minimum of worldly work will sustain you. Otherwise, you will have a life of hard labor.

===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi: 3

37. My beloved: So long as the ego remains alive, the heart remains dead. Therefore, you shall revive your hearts by killing your egos; the heart is the abode of the Lord, most Glorified, most High.

38. My beloved: If you wish to avoid the opposition of anyone, you shall not compete with him for the things he loves.

39. My beloved: If you wish to achieve a high rank, do not claim for yourselves any rank. And, if anyone claims for himself a rank above you, do not dispute him, and allow him such a claim. As a consequence, you will taste the genuine sweetness of Iman and Allah will fill your hearts with light.

40. My beloved: Whenever anyone transgresses against you, you shall attribute your troubles to your sinful deeds, and see that Allah is the One who punishes you. Do not seek revenge, nor shall you pray to Allah against your enemy. You shall be pardoners, for the beloved Prophet (blessings of Allah and peace be upon him) said, "The pardoners shall be the winners."

41. My beloved: You shall avoid all forms of show-off for it renders your efforts a servitude to other than Allah. Your Master needs not any of your deeds, and when you do anything for the show-off, He will not accept your works, saying, "Take your recompense from whomever you showed off your works."

42. My beloved: Our works are filled with deficiencies and insincerity; they are not worthy of the Almighty. How then can we pride ourselves with that which is defective? We can only turn to Allah in hopeful anticipation that out of His abundant grace, He might accept our works despite the defects therein.

43. My beloved: Directing your attention to the purgation of your hearts is much more important than preoccupying yourselves with the collection of knowledge; Purging your hearts will open the doors of Divine knowledge for you, and the knowledge will come to you in its pristine purity, unadulterated.

44. My beloved: Whenever you speak of anything, you shall speak of the good qualities, rather than the bad qualities thereof. The mentioning of bad qualities is itself a bad quality, and you may become so accustomed to seeing bad qualities that you end up believing that everthing must have bad qualities.

===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi: 3

45. My beloved: Your bodies are vehicles, while your souls are the drivers thereof; Let not the vehicles take you to what angers your Master; they are driven only by your souls.

46. My beloved: The real affliction is to turn away from Allah, and the real disease is that of skeptic hearts. Thus whenever you see such afflictions in others, you shall ask Allah to grant you health, and to alleviate their afflictions.

47. My beloved: Seeking the materials of this world, as a sole objective, leads away from Allah, and results ultimately in spiritual death. Thus, regretting the loss of worldly materials would be like regretting the loss of a poisonous snake.

48. My beloved: Turning away from materialism and towards Allah is the key you need for opening your hearts; when one lacks this key, his heart remains locked.

49. My beloved: This worldly life is an attractive illusion; who ever rejoices over material gains therefrom actually rejoices over that which diverts his heart and takes him away from his Lord.

50. My beloved: When you turn on your physical senses, you simultaneously turn off your spiritual senses; this leads to blindness of the soul. Therefore, you shall strive to open your spiritual eye which sees the Divine dominion, by keeping the physical eye from preoccupation with the worldly dominion.

51. My beloved: The people are of varied qualities, and when you associate yourselves with the evil ones, your souls become adulterated; this in turn leads to spiritual sickness and misery for you.

52. My beloved: If you find sweetness in the taste of everything which emanates from your beloved Master, then you have achieved genuine steadfastness. But if you find some of His givings to be sweet and some to be sour, then this indicates a deficiency in your love. When you taste sourness from the beloved Master, this reflects your objection, and the lack of total submission to Him.

53. My beloved: If you love two entities, your heart would be divided in two; each half would compete with the other for complete dominance. This will at least dim the brightness of your love, and the beloved Master requires pure, undivided, attention.

===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi: 3

54. My beloved: The human being is an animal by his body; an angel or a devil by his soul. The wise among you would reflect and judge whether he wants to be an animal, a devil, or a pure angel.

55. My beloved: The capital of each one of you is right here in this world; whoever wastes away his capital, how could he make any profit?

56. My beloved: This worldly life is like the Suq market (operates only on a specific day of the week); if one misses the market, where will he sell his goods?

57. My beloved: However you live in this world, so will be your life in the Hereafter; you shall reflect and determine for yourselves whether your life here is in the blessings and pleasure of Allah, or are you incurring His anger (God forbid)?

58. My beloved: The character of the human being is the garment of his soul; you shall reflect and note whether your soul's garment is clean, pure, and lighted, or dirty, dark, and vile.

59. My beloved: If the one of you is told that a scorpion got into his garment, he would immediately take it off or tear it off to get rid of the scorpion. Inside each one of us we have the various lusts which continue to sting our hearts without invoking a reaction from us.

60. My beloved: The grave is your inevitable abode; you shall strive to make it a spacious, and well-lighted abode. If your present spiritual abode is spacious and well-lighted, so will your graves.

61. My beloved: If you are impressed by good deeds, you should first fetch the sincerity therein; if you do not find it, then discount them as good deeds.

62. My beloved: Your works are but ghosts; their real life and light are in the hearts. If the heart accompanies your good works, they would be of value; otherwise, they will be life-less, light-less.

63. My beloved: If you become too impatient with humbleness, then you should realize that your ego is trying to take you out from the courtship of Allah. Beware lest it succeeds in dismissing you from the Divine courtship.

64. My beloved: Once you become fully content with your Lord, your command becomes His command, and your deeds become solely in His name; nothing will disobey you. If your "self" expresses its own wishes, this [continues on next page: 'would reflect a defective heart...']

===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
The Aphorisms of Salamah Al-Radi: 3

[continued] would reflect a defective heart; then nothing will obey you or go your way.

65. My beloved: If you wish to progress along the path of humbleness, you shall keep company with the people of humbleness until you are genuinely humble on your own. Afterwards, you may mix with all kinds of people. Those who keep company with other than the people of humbleness, before being genuinely humble on their own, will be like one who tries to light a feeble candle in the midst of a violent storm.

66. My beloved: The breath of the human being who is in a state of obedience to Allah is but light, and the light is accompanied by angels; if he is in a sinful state, every breath is but darkness, and the darkness is accompanied by devils. The light emanating from each of you, or the darkness, surrounds you. Thus, look around you and find out whether you are surrounded by light and angels, or darkness and devils.

67. My beloved: As you like the people to treat you, so shall be your treatment of them; what you dislike from the people, let them not see coming from you. He who expects the people to treat him better than he treats them is utterly unjust; he who does what others dislike deserves mal-treatment; he who does things for which he later apologizes may not someday find a valid excuse, and if he does, his excuse may not be accepted.

68. My beloved: Do not argue with others in defense of the truth. All you need to do is declare it. You are not responsible for their rejection of the truth; if they accept it, then Allah has blessed them; if they reject it, you are not liable.

69. My beloved: So long as your hearts are totally devoted to your Master, you continue to reside in His courtship. Once they become fond of anything else, they become deprived of His courtship. You shall watch your hearts very carefully lest they love other than your Master.

70. My beloved: Once you taste the sweetness of Iman (unshakeable faith), you lose the taste for this worldly life. Any heart which actually enjoys the taste of this life is forbidden from tasting the sweetness of Iman.

===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
[Decorated heading, Arabic: Surat Muhammad]

IN THE NAME OF GOD, THE COMPASSIONATE, THE MERCIFUL

Those who disbelieve and divert others from the path of Allah, God will render their work but vain. As for those who believe and do good works; those who believe in what was revealed through Muhammad (for it is the truth from their Lord), God will remit their sins and care for them. That, because those who disbelieve follow but falsehood, while those who believe follow the truth from their Lord. Thus does God set the examples for mankind.
(Qur'an 47:1-3)

[Right-hand edge shows the start of the next article, cut off: "Islam[ic Concentrates]... The Invocatio[ns of] 'Abdullah A[nsari]..." and fragments of the introductory paragraph and a poem, fully legible on the following pages (113-114).]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
سُورَةُ مُحَمَّد (٤٧) مَدَنِيَّة الآيَة ١٣ نَزَلَتْ فِي الطَّرِيقِ أَثْنَاءَ الهِجْرَة وَآيَاتُهَا ٣٨ نَزَلَتْ بَعْدَ الحَدِيد
[Qur'an 47:1-3] بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحْمَٰنِ الرَّحِيمِ الَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا وَصَدُّوا عَنْ سَبِيلِ اللَّهِ أَضَلَّ أَعْمَالَهُمْ وَالَّذِينَ آمَنُوا وَعَمِلُوا الصَّالِحَاتِ وَآمَنُوا بِمَا نُزِّلَ عَلَىٰ مُحَمَّدٍ وَهُوَ الْحَقُّ مِنْ رَبِّهِمْ كَفَّرَ عَنْهُمْ سَيِّئَاتِهِمْ وَأَصْلَحَ بَالَهُمْ ذَٰلِكَ بِأَنَّ الَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا اتَّبَعُوا الْبَاطِلَ وَأَنَّ الَّذِينَ آمَنُوا اتَّبَعُوا الْحَقَّ مِنْ رَبِّهِمْ كَذَٰلِكَ يَضْرِبُ اللَّهُ لِلنَّاسِ أَمْثَالَهُمْ

===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
Islamic Concentrates

The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

'Abdullah Ansari, a famous Persian Sufi, was born in Herat 396 AH (1005 C.E.). It is said that one of his ancestors was a companion of the prophet Muhammad (God's blessings and peace be upon him) who moved to Herat with 'Asaf, son of Qays. Ansari's father, Abu Mansur Muhammad Ansari, became a permanent resident of Herat.

These invocations, translated into English by Sir Jogendra Singh, contain true advice to guide the Pilgrim along the path of discipleship to the temple of peace. They come from a man who himself had trodden the path and found what his heart desired.

When 'Abdullah Ansari departed from this world, he was 85 years old, leaving behind a wealth of Sufi knowledge. Among his well-known works are Risala Munajat (The Book of Prayer), Tabaqat-ul-Sufiyyah (The Book of Sufis), Zad-ul-'Arifin (Provisions of the Sufi Teachers), and Kitab-i-Israr (The Book of Mysteries).

My friend, make an effort,
That thou mayest become a man,
And gather treasures
Of feeling for others,
So that with the favour of saints
And by the blessings of waiting on them
Thy cheeks may grow pale,
And love of the world grow
Cold in thy heart.

If thou wishest to become a man
In the world,
In the path of religion
Learn to feel for others,
Night and day attend on holy men.
When thou hast become like dust
Of their feet
Thou shalt become a man.

===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

O man, remember death at all times;
Renounce all discord and tyranny;
Deem what has not been done as done,
And what has been done as not done.
Watch vigilantly the state of
Thine own mind.
Love of God begins in
Harmlessness.

Know that the Prophet built an external Kaba
Of clay and water,
And an inner Kaba in life and heart.
The outer Kaba was built by Abraham,
The Holy;
The inner is sanctified by the glory of
God Himself.

On the path of God
Two places of worship mark the stages.
The material temple,
And the temple of the heart.
Make your best endeavour
To worship at the temple of the heart.

O mendicant, paradise is only an
Allurement;
The real objective is
The house of God Himself.

Fasting only means the saving of bread,
Formal prayer is the business
Of old men and women,
Pilgrimage is a pleasure of the world.
Conquer the heart,
Its subjection is conquest indeed.

If thou canst walk on water
Thou art no better than a straw.
If thou canst fly in air
Thou art no better than a fly.
Conquer thy heart
That thou mayest become somebody.

===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

One man spends seventy years in learning
And fails to kindle the light.
Another, all his life learns nothing
But hears one word
And is consumed by that word.

On this path argument is of no avail;
Seek, and thou mayest find the truth.

Helpless in childhood,
Intoxicated in youth,
And decrepit in old age;
Then, O helpless one, when couldst thou
Worship God?

Alas! alas, for the master-craftman's ways:
From the same iron he forges a horse-shoe
As well as a mirror for the Emperor.

My friend, see thine own faults;
The faults of others,
For thee they are not.
Make thy heart forgiving;
Nor sell thy soul for the fruits of the world.

It is wrong to consider oneself above all others
And to exalt one's self.
Learn from the pupil of thine eye
To see others, but to thyself be blind.

Know friend,
Human sorrow springs from three things:
To want before it is due,
To want more than the destined share,
To want for oneself
What belongs to others.

When Providence has provided thy share
Separately from others
Then why art thou jealous,
And hungering for that which is not for thee?

Desire for knowledge is the path
Of honour;
Desire for wealth, that of dishonour.

===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

Wealth is the chain which slaves wear
Knowledge the kingly crown.

The path is narrow and beset by
Yawning chasms.
Woe to him who is heavily laden with sin
And walks without the light of faith.

He with whom virtue has become a habit,
Hath accomplished his work here,
And hereafter.

The law of life requires:
1. Sincerity to God.
2. Severity to self.
3. Justice to all people.
4. Service to elders.
5. Kindness to the young.
6. Generosity to the poor.
7. Good counsel to friends.
8. Forbearance with enemies.
9. Indifference to fools.
10. Respect to the learned.

Know that four things are symbols of
Ill luck:
Ingratitude in good fortune,
Impatience in ill fortune,
Discontent with what fate ordains,
Hesitation in serving fellow-men.

In this path, be a man
With a heart full of compassion.
Engage not in vain doing,
Make not thy home in the street of lust and desire.

If thou wouldst become a pilgrim on the path
Of love
The first condition is
That thou become as humble as dust
And ashes.

Remove "A" from "Murad" (desire) it becomes
Murd (man);
He who renounceth desire becometh a man.

===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

Know that he who desires the things of the
World
Is haunted by sorrow.
He who desires Heaven
Is a labourer working for wages.
But, he who desires God,
Is on the path of glory.

O thou who covetest the world
How long wilt thou follow the path of sorrow?
Even if thou seekest the pleasures of Heaven
Thy quest is on the wrong trail.
But if thou seekest God and receivest His seal,
Thou art victorious in both the worlds.

Know, that when thou learnest to lose thyself
Thou wilt reach the Beloved.
There is no other secret to be revealed,
And more than this is not known to me.
Be humble and cultivate silence.
If thou hast received, rejoice,
And fill thyself with ecstasy
And if not, continue the demand.

Be a rose and not a thorn!
Be a friend and not an enemy!

To exalt the Beloved is to practise religion;
To exalt the self is to practice paganism.

If the seeker is worthy
Attainment is easy.

The company of a good friend
Is the light of the soul.
The company of an ungodly person
Is the poison of life.
A snake is preferable to a faithless friend.

Were I to abide in fire a hundred
Years
That scorching flame would be easier to bear
Than the company of Godless men;
Death is preferable to such company.

===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
The Invocations of 'Abdullah Ansari: 3

What is worship?
To realise reality.
What is the sacred law?
To do no evil.
What is reality?
Selflessness.

The heart enquired of the soul
What is the beginning of this business?
What its end, and what its fruit?
The soul answered:
The beginning of it is
The annihilation of self,
Its end faithfulness,
And its fruit immortality.

The heart asked what is annihilation?
What is faithfulness?
What is immortality?

The soul answered:
Freedom from self is annihilation;
Faithfulness is
Fulfilment of love;
Immortality is union of immortal
With mortal.

O Devotee, if thou lovest God truly
Why dost thou cast longing eyes
On things other than Him?

In this path the eye must cease to see,
And the ear to hear.
Save unto Him, and about Him.
Be as dust on His path,
Even the kings of this earth
Make the dust of His feet.
The balm of their eyes.

===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
Islamic Concentrates

Index to the Qur'an: 3

Tells you where to find what in the Qur'an. Since some translators have arbitrarily changed the sequence of the verses and/or suras of their renditions, this index applies only to those Qur'anic printings which adhere to the original Qur'an as approved by Al-Azhar University.

[Table with columns: Key Word | Frequency of Occurrence | Subject | Sura & Verse Numbers]

Admonition (24 occurrences):
- Punishment of those who descrated the Sabbath should provide admonition for the pious ... 2:66
- In matters of divorce, you shall observe the Qur'an's admonitions ... 2:231-232
- You shall heed God's admonition prohibiting usury ... 2:275
- The Qur'an provides a clear message from Allah, a guidance, and admonition for the pious ... 3:138
- When the wife rebels, she should be admonished first before imposing any kind of punishment ... 4:34
- We are admonished to be trust-worthy and just ... 4:58
- You shall avoid company of the hypocrites, and admonish them that they may reform ... 4:63
- If the hypocrites heed the admonition, it would be for their own good ... 4:66
- The Gospel of Jesus Christ provided guidance and admonition for the pious ... 5:46
- Admonitions given to Moses for the guidance of the Children of Israel were recorded on tablets ... 5:145
- The evil ones reject and ridicule the divine admonitions; as a consequence, they are doomed to a miserable retribution ... 7:164-165
- The Qur'an provides admonitions from your Lord, healing for the heart, guidance, and mercy to those who believe ... 10:57

===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
Index to the Qur'an: 3

[Table continues, columns: Key Word | Frequency of Occurrence | Subject | Sura & Verse Numbers]

Admonition (cont'd.) (24 occurrences):
- Noah admonished that his son was no longer a member of his family, since he rejected God's message ... 11:46
- The history of previous messengers narrated in the Qur'an to provide admonition for the Prophet and the believers ... 11:120
- Allah enjoins justice, virtue, and kindness to the relatives; He prohibits but vice, evil, and transgression; He admonishes us that we may reflect and heed His admonitions ... 16:90
- Invite others to the path of your Lord using the utmost diplomacy and affable admonition, and debate with them in a most compassionate and tolerant manner ... 16:125
- We are admonished never to make unfounded accusations of infidelity against married women ... 24:17
- The Qur'an provides revelations which clarify various matters, as well as examples from previous generations, in order to admonish the pious ... 24:34
- The people of 'Ad rejected the admonitions given them by Prophet Hud; as a consequence, they were destroyed ... 26:136
- Prophet Luqman admonishes his son never to worship other than Allah; that polytheism is the greatest sin ... 31:13
- Prophet Muhammad enjoined to admonish mankind to worship Allah alone, to reflect on the message he brought, and to beware of the awesome retribution for disbelief ... 34:46
- We are admonished to expiate for sexual boycott of the wife; the expiation is effected by freeing a slave, fasting 60 consecutive days, or feeding 60 poor persons ... 58:3
- Admonition is given to guarantee justice to women in matters of divorce ... 65:2

Adolescence (4 occurrences):
- When the orphans reach adolescence, their guardian shall hand over their properties to them, after testing them to guarantee their ability to administer such property. The guardian shall not hasten to consume the orphans' properties before they reach adolescence ... 4:6
- The women shall not be seen in their informal garb or exhibit their femininity except to their husbands, [continues on next page]

===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adolescence (cont'd.) | Frequency: 4
certain close relatives (specified), or children who have not reached adolescence ... 24:31

When the children reach adolescence, they are required to ask permission before entering your private quarters ... 4:58-59

Key Word: Adoption | Frequency: 3
Permitted on condition that the lineage of the children to their real parents must always be preserved and known; the names of the adopted children must never be changed; they must keep their names which show who their real parents are ... 33:4-5

If an adopted son divorces his wife, the adoptive father is allowed to marry the divorced wife of his adopted son if he so wishes ... 33:37

Key Word: Adorn | Frequency: 39
This worldly life is adorned for the disbelievers, and they ridicule the believers. But the pious ones (who are not materialistic) shall be the winners on the Day of Resurrection ... 2:212

Adorned for the people are the lusts, such as women, children, the piles upon piles of gold and silver, pure-bred horses, cattle, and crops ... 3:14

The devil adorns for the disbelievers their evil deeds ... 6:43

We have adorned the deeds of every community in their eyes, until the Day of Judgment comes; God will then inform them of the true nature of their deeds ... 6:108

The evil deeds of the disbelievers are adorned in their eyes ... 6:122

Even the killing of their own children was adorned in the eyes of the disbelievers by their leaders ... 6:137

You shall adorn yourselves with the best clothing and cleanliness when you go to the mosque ... 7:31

The devil misleads the disbelievers and adorns their deeds for them until they fail, then he abandons them ... 8:48

The deeds of the disbelievers are adorned for them; thus, they think that they are doing the right thing ... 9:37

The evil deeds of the transgressors are adorned in their eyes ... 10:12

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adorn (cont'd.) | Frequency: 39

When the earth becomes completely adorned, seemingly perfect, and its people think they are in full control thereof, the command will come from God to erase it ... 10:24

The plotting and planning of the disbelievers, and their efforts in diverting the believers away from the path of Allah, all appear adorned to them, and they think they are doing the right thing ... 13:33

We have adorned the sky with stars and constellations ... 15:16

Satan pledges to adorn the evil deeds for all of mankind in order to sway them away from Allah ... 15:99

God created the horses, the mules, and donkeys for us to ride, and for adornment ... 16:8

Messengers were sent to other communities before the advent of Muhammad, and the devil adorned for them the rejection of God's message; as a consequence they incurred a painful retribution ... 16:63

We have rendered things on the earth adorned for mankind, in order to put them to the test therewith ... 18:7

You shall keep company with those who worship their Lord day and night, seeking Him, and sway not your eyes away from them, seeking the adorned materials of this worldly life ... 18:28

Money and children are the adornment of this worldly life, but the good deeds are the eternally useful provision; they are better for you at your Lord as a recompense, and provide a real hope ... 18:47

The children of Israel melt their golden adornment in order to make the golden calf ... 20:87

Women should not exhibit their adornments except to their husbands, certain close relatives, and children who have not reached adolescence ... 24:31

Older women who expect marriage no more shall not exhibit excessive adornment; they shall maintain chastity ... 24:60

For those who believe not in the Hereafter, We have adorned their deeds in their eyes; thus, they are blindly confused ... 27:4

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adorn (cont'd.) | Frequency: 39

The devil adorned the works of the Queen of Sheba and her people; thus, they worshiped the sun instead of God ... 27:24

Whatever provisions you are given represent materials of this worldly life and adornments thereof; what God has reserved for you is far better and ever-lasting ... 28:60

When Qarun appeared in his adornments, the people who cared only about this worldly life were envious and jealous ... 28:79

For the people of 'Ad and Thamud, the devil adorned their deeds, diverted them from the path, and thus, they incurred their destruction ... 29:38

The Prophet's wives enjoined not to seek the adornments of this worldly life, but rather, they should seek the rewards of the hereafter ... 33:28

Do not grieve over those whose evil deeds have been adorned in their eyes and see their deeds as good deeds; Allah is fully aware of the true nature of their deeds, and it is He who can guide them if they deserve the guidance ... 35:8

The lower heavens have been adorned with stars ... 37:6

The evil deeds of Pharaoh were so adorned for him that he wanted to build a tall structure to take a look at the God of Moses ... 40:37

God adorned the lower heaven with lamps, and provided a protective barrier therein ... 41:12

The unfortunate ones have but evil company which adorns for them their vices; thus, they incur but the same destruction which befell previous transgressors, and they become but losers ... 41:25

It is not possible that one who sees the manifest signs of his Lord would be equal to one whose evil deeds have been adorned in his eyes and is enslaved by his lusts ... 47:14

The hypocrites thought that the Prophet and the believers would be defeated, and this idea was adorned in their hearts. For this reason, they refused to accompany the believers in their campaign against the agressors ... 48:12

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adorn (cont'd.) | Frequency: 39

Allah adorns Iman (faith) into the hearts of the believers, and renders it beloved by them; and He renders disbelief, wickedness, and disobedience abominable to them ... 49:7

You shall reflect on the creation of the sky; how Allah had constructed and adorned it, and how flawless it is ... 50:6

You shall realize that this worldly life is no more than trifles, games, vain adornment, and competition among the people for material gains; all this just like a plant which grows, then turns yellow, then becomes but wasted hay. It is the Hereafter that will offer eternal suffering or eternal forgiveness and grace from Allah; this worldly life is no more than an illusion ... 57:20

We have adorned the lowest heaven with lamps, and placed preventive powers therein against the devils ... 67:5

Key Word: Adultery | Frequency: 5
You shall not commit adultery; it is but vice and an evil act ... 17:32

The punishment for the adulterer and the adulteress shall be whipping each one of them 100 stripes in public ... 24:2

The adulterer marries but an adulteress or a polytheist; the adulteress gets married only to an adulterer or a polytheist; such is prohibited for the believers ... 24:3

The sincere servants of God worship not any other god besides Allah, they do not commit murder, and they do not commit adultery ... 25:68

The believing woman shall pledge not to set up rivals to rank with Allah, and not to steal, and not to commit adultery, and not to kill their children (commit abortion), and not to bear false witness, and not to disobey the Prophet in virtuous matters ... 60:12

Key Word: Adversity | Frequency: 15
Righteousness is to believe in Allah, the Hereafter, the angels, the scripture, and all the prophets; and to donate the money, despite one's love thereof to the relatives, the orphans, the poor, the alien, the beggars & to free the slaves; and to observe the Salat prayers and the Zakat charity; and to fulfill one's promises and [continues on next page]

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
Iman

===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adversity (cont'd.) | Frequency: 15

covenants; and to steadfastly persevere in face of adversity, hardship, and war ... 2:177

You cannot be admitted into heaven unless you are put to the test just like the generations before you; they were shaken up until the Messenger and those who believed with him cried, "When will Allah's help come to us?" Surely, Allah's help is always near ... 2:214

We sent messengers to communities before you (O Muhammad), and We also subjected them to adversity and hardship, that they may turn to Me pleading for relief ... 6:42

They should have turned to Me when My adversity befell them. Instead, their hearts hardened, and the devil adorned their evil deeds for them ... 6:43

If they disbelieve in you (O Muhammad), then tell them, "Your Lord has unlimited mercy, yet His adversity shall inevitably afflict the guilty disbelievers." ... 6:147

The polytheists would say, "If Allah wills, we would not have worshiped anything besides Him, nor would have our parents, nor would we set any special prohibitions. Thus did those before them; they disbelieved until they incurred upon themselves Our adversity. Say, "Do you have certain knowledge to show us? You follow but conjecture, and thus you totally strayed off" ... 6:148

Many a community have We annihilated due to their rebellion; Our adversity befell them either during the night, or during the day ... 7:4

Only when Our adversity befell them did they say, "We were indeed wrongdoers." ... 7:5

Whenever We sent a prophet to a community, We afflicted its people with adversity and hardship, that they may turn to Me pleading ... 7:94

Do the people of any community guarantee that Our adversity will not befall them during the night as they sleep? ... 7:97

Do the people of any community guarantee that Our adversity will not befall them during the forenoon as they play? ... 7:98

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
INDEX TO THE QUR'AN : 3

Key Word: Adversity (cont'd.) | Frequency: 15

Just as Our messengers approach despair, and begin to believe that they were abandoned, Our help comes to them whereby We deliver whomever We will, and Our unavoidable adversity befalls the guilty disbelievers ... 12:110

Then when the disbelievers feel Our adversity, they flee ... 21:12

When it is too late, the disbelievers after seeing Our adversity would say, "We now believe in Allah alone; we disbelieve in all other deities." ... 40:84

Their adoption of belief in God, after having seen Our adversity, will be totally in vain. Such is God's eternal law; the disbelievers shall always be losers ... 40:85

Key Word: Advice | Frequency: 8
Satan swore to Adam and Eve that he was giving them good advice ... 7:21

Noah tells his people that he was simply delivering God's message to them, and advising them ... 7:62

Prophet Hud tells the people of 'Ad that he was simply delivering God's message to them and advising them ... 7:68

Prophet Salih abandons the people of Thamud, saying, "I have delivered God's message to you, and I have advised you, but you do not like anyone who advises you" ... 7:79

Prophet Shu'aib abandons the people of Midyan, saying, "I have delivered Allah's message to you, and I have advised you; how then will I grieve over people who disbelieve?" ... 7:93

The people of Noah challenge him to bring the punishment to them, and he tells them, "When the punishment comes, my advice to you will be totally useless; it will be too late for you then." ... 11:34

The brothers of Joseph tell their father, "Why do you not trust us with Joseph? We shall be but sincere advisors of him (meaning that they will take good care of him)" ... 12:11

A man came from the other side of the city and told Moses, "The people are plotting to assassinate you; you better leave this place; I am giving you a sincere advice" ... 28:20

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
ISLAMIC CONCENTRATES

The Islamic Calendar Conversion Table : 3
(Hijra / Gregorian)

Over the first five issues of ISLAM, the Journal will publish this table for convenient conversion of dates from either of the two calendar systems. Such chronological conversion tables have been difficult to find yet most indispensible for the Western scholar of Islam. Since all great works of Islamic literature refer exclusively to Hijra dates, the Editors feel that these tables will be useful to many readers.

According to the historians, the prophet Muhammad (God's blessings be upon him) arrived at Medina on the 12th day of Rabi' I, coincident with September 24, 622 CE (Christian Era). This sets the first day of the first Hijra year (Muharram 1, 1) as July 16, 622. Fifteen hundred Hijra years will be covered in these tables (622-2076 CE).

First Day of the Hijra Year No. / Coincides With (Gregorian Date):
601 - August 29, 1204
602 - August 18, 1205
603 - August 8, 1206
604 - July 28, 1207
605 - July 16, 1208
606 - July 6, 1209
607 - June 25, 1210
608 - June 15, 1211
609 - June 3, 1212
610 - May 23, 1213
611 - May 13, 1214
612 - May 2, 1215
613 - April 20, 1216
614 - April 10, 1217
615 - March 30, 1218
616 - March 19, 1219
617 - March 8, 1220
618 - February 25, 1221
619 - February 15, 1222
620 - February 4, 1223
621 - January 24, 1224
622 - January 13, 1225
623 - January 2, 1226
624 - December 22, 1226
625 - December 12, 1227
626 - November 30, 1228
627 - November 20, 1229
628 - November 9, 1230
629 - October 29, 1231
630 - October 18, 1232
631 - October 7, 1233
632 - September 26, 1234
633 - September 16, 1235
634 - September 4, 1236
635 - August 24, 1237
636 - August 14, 1238
637 - August 3, 1239
638 - July 23, 1240
639 - July 12, 1241
640 - July 1, 1242
641 - June 21, 1243
642 - June 9, 1244

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4): 291-295

===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
First Day of the Hijra Year No. / Coincides With (Gregorian Date):
643 - May 29, 1245
644 - May 19, 1246
645 - May 8, 1247
646 - April 26, 1248
647 - April 16, 1249
648 - April 5, 1250
649 - March 26, 1251
650 - March 14, 1252
651 - March 3, 1253
652 - February 21, 1254
653 - February 10, 1255
654 - January 30, 1256
655 - January 19, 1257
656 - January 8, 1258
657 - December 29, 1258
658 - December 18, 1259
659 - December 6, 1260
660 - November 26, 1261
661 - November 15, 1262
662 - November 4, 1263
663 - October 24, 1264
664 - October 13, 1265
665 - October 2, 1266
666 - September 22, 1267
667 - September 10, 1268
668 - August 31, 1269
669 - August 20, 1270
670 - August 9, 1271
671 - July 29, 1272
672 - July 18, 1273
673 - July 7, 1274
674 - June 27, 1275
675 - June 15, 1276
676 - June 4, 1277
677 - May 25, 1278
678 - May 14, 1279
679 - May 3, 1280
680 - April 22, 1281
681 - April 11, 1282
682 - April 1, 1283
683 - March 20, 1284
684 - March 9, 1285
685 - February 27, 1286
686 - February 16, 1287
687 - February 6, 1288
688 - January 25, 1289
689 - January 14, 1290
690 - January 4, 1291
691 - December 24, 1291

692 - December 12, 1292
693 - December 2, 1293
694 - November 21, 1294
695 - November 10, 1295
696 - October 30, 1296
697 - October 19, 1297
698 - October 9, 1298
699 - September 28, 1299
700 - September 16, 1300
701 - September 6, 1301
702 - August 26, 1302
703 - August 15, 1303
704 - August 4, 1304
705 - July 24, 1305
706 - July 13, 1306
707 - July 3, 1307
708 - June 21, 1308
709 - June 11, 1309
710 - May 31, 1310
711 - May 20, 1311
712 - May 9, 1312
713 - April 28, 1313
714 - April 17, 1314
715 - April 7, 1315
716 - March 26, 1316
717 - March 16, 1317
718 - March 5, 1318
719 - February 22, 1319
720 - February 12, 1320
721 - January 31, 1321
722 - January 20, 1322
723 - January 10, 1323
724 - December 30, 1323
725 - December 18, 1324
726 - December 8, 1325
727 - November 27, 1326
728 - November 17, 1327
729 - November 5, 1328
730 - October 25, 1329
731 - October 15, 1330
732 - October 4, 1331
733 - September 22, 1332
734 - September 12, 1333
735 - September 1, 1334
736 - August 21, 1335
737 - August 10, 1336
738 - July 30, 1337
739 - July 20, 1338
740 - July 9, 1339

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 129 =====
First Day of the Hijra Year No. / Coincides With (Gregorian Date):
741 - June 27, 1340
742 - June 17, 1341
743 - June 6, 1342
744 - May 26, 1343
745 - May 15, 1344
746 - May 4, 1345
747 - April 24, 1346
748 - April 13, 1347
749 - April 1, 1348
750 - March 22, 1349
751 - March 11, 1350
752 - February 28, 1351
753 - February 18, 1352
754 - February 6, 1353
755 - January 26, 1354
756 - January 16, 1355
757 - January 5, 1356
758 - December 25, 1356
759 - December 14, 1357
760 - December 3, 1358
761 - November 23, 1359
762 - November 11, 1360
763 - October 31, 1361
764 - October 21, 1362
765 - October 10, 1363
766 - September 28, 1364
767 - September 18, 1365
768 - September 7, 1366
769 - August 28, 1367
770 - August 16, 1368
771 - August 5, 1369
772 - July 26, 1370
773 - July 15, 1371
774 - July 3, 1372
775 - June 23, 1373
776 - June 12, 1374
777 - June 2, 1375
778 - May 21, 1376
779 - May 10, 1377
780 - April 30, 1378
781 - April 19, 1379
782 - April 7, 1380
783 - March 28, 1381
784 - March 17, 1382
785 - March 6, 1383
786 - February 24, 1384
787 - February 12, 1385
788 - February 2, 1386
789 - January 22, 1387

790 - January 11, 1388
791 - December 31, 1388
792 - December 20, 1389
793 - December 9, 1390
794 - November 29, 1391
795 - November 17, 1392
796 - November 6, 1393
797 - October 27, 1394
798 - October 16, 1395
799 - October 5, 1396
800 - September 24, 1397
801 - September 13, 1398
802 - September 3, 1399
803 - August 22, 1400
804 - August 11, 1401
805 - August 1, 1402
806 - July 21, 1403
807 - July 10, 1404
808 - June 29, 1405
809 - June 18, 1406
810 - June 8, 1407
811 - May 27, 1408
812 - May 16, 1409
813 - May 6, 1410
814 - April 25, 1411
815 - April 13, 1412
816 - April 3, 1413
817 - March 23, 1414
818 - March 13, 1415
819 - March 1, 1416
820 - February 18, 1417
821 - February 8, 1418
822 - January 28, 1419
823 - January 17, 1420
824 - January 6, 1421
825 - December 26, 1421
826 - December 15, 1422
827 - December 5, 1423
828 - November 23, 1424
829 - November 13, 1425
830 - November 2, 1426
831 - October 22, 1427
832 - October 11, 1428
833 - September 30, 1429
834 - September 19, 1430
835 - September 9, 1431
836 - August 28, 1432
837 - August 18, 1433
838 - August 7, 1434

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 130 =====
First Day of the Hijra Year No. / Coincides With (Gregorian Date):
839 - July 27, 1435
840 - July 16, 1436
841 - July 5, 1437
842 - June 24, 1438
843 - June 14, 1439
844 - June 2, 1440
845 - May 22, 1441
846 - May 12, 1442
847 - May 1, 1443
848 - April 20, 1444
849 - April 9, 1445
850 - March 29, 1446
851 - March 19, 1447
852 - March 7, 1448
853 - February 24, 1449
854 - February 14, 1450
855 - February 3, 1451
856 - January 23, 1452
857 - January 12, 1453
858 - January 1, 1454
859 - December 22, 1454
860 - December 11, 1455
861 - November 29, 1456
862 - November 19, 1457
863 - November 8, 1458
864 - October 29, 1459
865 - October 17, 1460
866 - October 6, 1461
867 - September 26, 1462
868 - September 15, 1463
869 - September 3, 1464
870 - August 24, 1465
871 - August 31, 1466 [sic, printed order preserved]
872 - August 2, 1467
873 - July 22, 1468
874 - July 11, 1469
875 - June 30, 1470
876 - June 20, 1471
877 - June 8, 1472
878 - May 29, 1473
879 - May 18, 1474
880 - May 7, 1475
881 - April 26, 1476
882 - April 15, 1477
883 - April 4, 1478
884 - March 25, 1479
885 - March 13, 1480
886 - March 2, 1481
887 - February 20, 1482

888 - February 9, 1483
889 - January 30, 1484
890 - January 18, 1485
891 - January 7, 1486
892 - December 28, 1486
893 - December 17, 1487
894 - December 5, 1488
895 - November 25, 1489
896 - November 14, 1490
897 - November 4, 1491
898 - October 23, 1492
899 - October 12, 1493
900 - October 2, 1494
901 - September 21, 1495
902 - September 9, 1496
903 - August 30, 1497
904 - August 19, 1498
905 - August 8, 1499
906 - July 28, 1500
907 - July 17, 1501
908 - July 7, 1502
909 - June 26, 1503
910 - June 14, 1504
911 - June 4, 1505
912 - May 24, 1506
913 - May 13, 1507
914 - May 2, 1508
915 - April 21, 1509
916 - April 10, 1510
917 - March 31, 1511
918 - March 19, 1512
919 - March 9, 1513
920 - February 26, 1514
921 - February 15, 1515
922 - February 5, 1516
923 - January 24, 1517
924 - January 13, 1518
925 - January 3, 1519
926 - December 23, 1519
927 - December 12, 1520
928 - December 1, 1521
929 - November 20, 1522
930 - November 10, 1523
931 - October 29, 1524
932 - October 18, 1525
933 - October 8, 1526
934 - September 27, 1527
935 - September 15, 1528
936 - September 5, 1529

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 131 =====
First Day of the Hijra Year No. / Coincides With (Gregorian Date):
937 - August 25, 1530
938 - August 15, 1531
939 - August 3, 1532
940 - July 23, 1533
941 - July 13, 1534
942 - July 2, 1535
943 - June 20, 1536
944 - June 10, 1537
945 - May 30, 1538
946 - May 19, 1539
947 - May 8, 1540
948 - April 27, 1541
949 - April 17, 1542
950 - April 6, 1543
951 - March 25, 1544
952 - March 15, 1545
953 - March 4, 1546
954 - February 21, 1547
955 - February 11, 1548
956 - January 30, 1549
957 - January 20, 1550
958 - January 9, 1551
959 - December 29, 1551
960 - December 18, 1552
961 - December 7, 1553
962 - November 26, 1554
963 - November 16, 1555
964 - November 4, 1556
965 - October 24, 1557
966 - October 14, 1558
967 - October 3, 1559
968 - September 22, 1560

969 - September 11, 1561
970 - August 31, 1562
971 - August 21, 1563
972 - August 9, 1564
973 - July 29, 1565
974 - July 19, 1566
975 - July 8, 1567
976 - June 26, 1568
977 - June 16, 1569
978 - June 5, 1570
979 - May 26, 1571
980 - May 14, 1572
981 - May 3, 1573
982 - April 23, 1574
983 - April 12, 1575
984 - March 31, 1576
985 - March 21, 1577
986 - March 10, 1578
987 - February 28, 1579
988 - February 17, 1580
989 - February 5, 1581
990 - January 26, 1582
991 - January 20, 1583
992 - January 12, 1584
993 - January 3, 1585
994 - December 23, 1585
995 - December 12, 1586
996 - December 2, 1587
997 - November 20, 1588
998 - November 10, 1589
999 - October 30, 1590
1000 - October 19, 1591

ISLAM 1395/1975 1(3-4)

===== PDF PAGE 132 =====
Advertising Rates

Cover & Special Positions ... $135
Full Page ... $105
Half Page ... $50
Quarter Page ... $35

All communications regarding advertising matters should be addressed to:

ADVERTISEMENT SECTION
ISLAM
P. O. Box 12202
St. Louis, Missouri 63157

---

Announcing a NEW Book from a NEW Publisher

MIRACLE OF THE QUR'AN
Significance of the Mysterious Alphabets.
RASHAD KHALIFA, Ph.D.

First computerized study of the Qur'an. Providing physical, examinable evidence that the Qur'an is the Word of God.

Undisputable proof that the scriptural miracles such as the virgin birth of Christ and Moses' miracles in Egypt, did indeed take place.

A book for all people of all faiths. $6.80

Published by:
ISLAMIC PRODUCTIONS INTERNATIONAL
Box 12202, St. Louis, Missouri 63157

A clearing house of information about Islam.

Inquire about our Islamic Sound Recordings.
Let your students HEAR the sounds of Islam as they learn about it.
ESSENTIALS OF ISLAM on Tape Cassettes. $5.50

===== PDF PAGE 133 =====
[Arabic Basmala: In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful]

INDUSTRIALIZATION CONSULTANTS INTERNATIONAL
(Placing Muslim Talent in the Service of the Muslim World)

- FEASIBILITY STUDIES
- PROJECT ECONOMICS
- ENGINEERING
- PROCUREMENT
- CONSTRUCTION
- TECHNICAL TRAINING - etc.

Over 600 top Muslim scientists, engineers, industrialists, and economists from U.S.A., Canada, Europe, Japan, and Australia ready to carry out all kinds of light or heavy industrialization projects anywhere in the Muslim World.

Contact this journal for address of branch office nearest you.

---

[Arabic Basmala: In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful]

Arab International Scientific Corporation

Satisfying the needs of all Arab and Muslim countries for all types of scientific, laboratory, and medical equipment

Fast, efficient, and reliable supply of the most sophisticated scientific equipment needed by Universities, Colleges, Research Institutions, Government Laboratories, Hospitals, Medical Schools, and Industrial firms.

Contact this journal for address of agent nearest you.
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيمِ
بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيمِ

===== PDF PAGE 134 =====
Islamic Productions International, Inc.
Phone 314 567-3296 / P. O. Box 12202, St. Louis, Missouri 63157

Printed Publications & Sound Recordings

1. HOLY QUR'AN:
Recited in the chanting method by the four great reciters Al-Husari, Al-Banna, 'Abdul-Basit, & Mustafa Isma'il. These top reciters of the Muslim world take turns reciting one-quarter of a para (Juz') each to the completion of Qur'an. Great spiritual as well as listening enjoyment. The complete Qur'an is recorded on 70 units, 60 minutes per unit.

Tape Cassettes ... $3.50/unit
Open-reel Tapes ... $4.00/unit
Complete Qur'an on Cassettes ... $200
Complete Qur'an on Open-reel Tapes ... $250

2. HOLY QUR'AN:
Recited in the teaching method by the renowned reciter Shaykh Al-Husari, Professor of the Qur'anic Recitation Science at Al-Azhar University. These tapes teach the proper way of reading and reciting the Qur'an. The rules of tajwid are observed and clarified. Repetition of these rules throughout the Qur'an should help the listener master the proper way of reading Qur'an. The complete Qur'an is recorded on 50 units.

Tape Cassettes ... $3.50/unit
Open-reel Tapes ... $4.00/unit
Complete set of 50 Cassettes ... $150
Complete set of 50 Open-reel Tapes ... $175
Sample tape of the two methods ... $4.00

3. ENGLISH MEANINGS OF THE QUR'AN:
This series is in progress, starting from Al-Fatihah towards the end of Qur'an. Subscribers receive one unit each month as they become available. The Arabic text is recited in the teaching method by Sheikh Al-Husari. Verse by verse translation is rendered in contemporary English, clarifying the meanings of Qur'an as never before. Every 5 units, one unit of tafsir is given free of charge.
With printed material in Arabic/English.

LP Records
Open-reel tapes  ... $5.00/unit
Tape cassettes ... $4.00/unit

===== PDF PAGE 135 =====
4. ENGLISH MEANINGS OF THE SHORT SURAS:
Since the systematic preparation of item No. 3 (ENGLISH MEANINGS OF THE QUR'AN) starts with Al-Fatihah, the short suras of the Qur'an will not be ready for some time. Therefore, this series of 3 units has been prepared to overcome this delay. Starting from Sura Al-Nas at the end of Qur'an, this series helps us to understand everything we say in the salat prayers. The 3 units cover the complete last para (Juz' #30) of the Qur'an [Sura Al-Naba' (No. 78) through Sura Al-Nas (No. 114)]. Printed material in Arabic/English included.

Tape Cassettes ... $4.00/unit
Open-reel Tapes ... $5.00/unit

5. PRINCIPLES OF THE MUSLIM PRAYER (Childrens' Version, One Unit)
6. PRINCIPLES OF THE MUSLIM PRAYER (Adults' Version, One Unit)

Details all aspects of the salat prayers, including ablution, azan, sunnas, congregational prayers, etc. Illustrated, printed material includes transliteration of all the words of salat in English. You follow the sound by reading the words.

Tape Cassettes ... $4.00/unit
Open-reel Tapes ... $5.00/unit

7. ESSENTIALS OF ISLAM: One Unit.
Explains all the basic beliefs, the five pillars of Islam (creed, prayer, due alms, fasting, and pilgrimage), diet regulations, and the basic commandments. Explains not only the HOW's of religious rites in Islam, but also the WHY's. Most people who took for granted that they knew everything about Islam were amazed, fascinated, and informed by this concentrated unit. Authentic sounds of worship are included. Ideal for the religion teachers. Lets the students hear the sounds of Islam as they learn.

Tape Cassette ... $5.50
Open-reel Tape ... $6.00

8. ARABIC LANGUAGE LESSONS:
(Read the Qur'an in two weeks)
With printed material. By following this easy method, and doing your homework, you can read the Qur'an in two weeks. One 60-minute unit. By the end of this unit you should be able to read, write, and understand some of the Qur'an's short suras.

Tape Cassette ... $5.00
Open-reel Tape ... $5.50

===== PDF PAGE 136 =====
9. LIFE-HISTORY OF THE PROPHET MUHAMMAD (God's blessings and peace be upon him):
One unit on LP Records as well as tapes. Includes 13 informative and entertaining short stories covering the Prophet's life-history from pre-Islamic Arabia through the internationalization of Islam. Important dates and personalities in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) are printed on each unit.

LP Record
Open-reel tapes  ... $5.00
Tape cassette ... $4.00

10. STORIES OF THE PROPHETS:
A series of 3 units relating the true life stories of the prophets. Includes the stories of Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel, Noah, Hud, Salih, Abraham, Ishmail, Joseph, Moses, David, Solomon, Jonah, Job, Mary, and Jesus (peace be upon them). Complete with sound effects. Ideal for the Islamic Sunday schools. Extensive research with the children (ages 5-12) indicated their thorough enjoyment as well as teaching. All stories derived from and based on the Qur'an.

Tape Cassettes ... $4.00/unit
Open-reel Tapes ... $5.00/unit

Stories of the Prophets Series with Bonnie Jardak, Stephanie Khalifa, Janice Rana, Barbara Salahuddin

11. Book: MIRACLE OF THE QUR'AN: Significance of the Mysterious Alphabets
RASHAD KHALIFA, Ph.D.

First computerized study of the Qur'an. Providing physical, examinable evidence that the Qur'an is the Word of God. Undisputable proof that the scriptural miracles such as the virgin birth of Christ and Moses' miracles in Egypt, did indeed take place.

A book for all people of all faiths ... $6.80

12. ISLAM: An International Journal Expressing the Islamic Viewpoint
Presenting objective, unbiased, and authoritative articles by the world's most outstanding scholars.

TOPICS TO BE COVERED
Islam & Secularism; Islam's Penal Code; Religious Duties & Rites; Sufism; Islamic Law & Jurisprudence; History; Islam & the Western Culture; The Woman in Islam; Islam & Social Problems; Muhammad in the Bible; Jesus in the Qur'an; Islam & the Modern Banking Systems; Islam & Insurance; Islam & Racial Discrimination; Comparative Religion; Other Provocative Subjects. ALSO, New Outstanding Translations of Qur'an, Hadith, and Great Islamic Literature.

Publication Dates:
Rabi' I (April 1974)
Jumad II (July 1974)
Ramadan (October 1974)
Dhul-Hijja (January 1975)

Annual Subscription Rates: U.S.A. & Canada / All Other Countries
Institutional Subscription: $18.00 / $22.00
Personal Subscription: $12.00 / $14.00

===== PDF PAGE 137 =====
[This page consists almost entirely of a full-page Arabic supplication (du'a) text set in three columns beneath a Basmala header, followed by a closing salutation invoking blessings on the Prophet Muhammad. The facing/bleed-through page at right shows fragments of an English order-form ('IN THE NAME OF...', 'They say...', 'committed', 'earth al...', 'cause th...', 'the Alm...', 'and the...', 'counted...', 'the Da...', 'who b...', 'them...', 'your...', 'to the...', 'ORDER FORM', '(Sura...') which is transcribed in full from the next page image.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[28:78 (fa qutiِ'a dabiru... wal hamdu lillahi rabbil 'alamin, closing phrase only)] بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيمِ
إِنْ أَبْطَأَتْ غَارَةُ الأَعْدَاءِ وَابْتَعَدَتْ فَأَقْرَبُ السَّيْرِ بِنَا غَارَةُ اللهِ يَا غَارَةَ اللهِ اجْدِي التَّيْسِيرَ مُسْرِعَةً فِي حَلِّ عُقْدَتِنَا يَا غَارَةَ اللهِ عَدَتِ العَادُونَ وَجَارُوا وَرَجَوْنَا اللهَ مُجِيرًا وَكَفَى بِاللهِ وَلِيًّا وَكَفَى بِاللهِ نَصِيرًا حَسْبُنَا اللهُ وَنِعْمَ الوَكِيلُ حَسْبُنَا اللهُ وَنِعْمَ الوَكِيلُ حَسْبُنَا اللهُ وَنِعْمَ الوَكِيلُ وَلَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِاللهِ العَلِيِّ العَظِيمِ اسْتَجِبْ لَنَا آمِينَ لَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِاللهِ العَلِيِّ العَظِيمِ اسْتَجِبْ لَنَا آمِينَ لَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِاللهِ العَلِيِّ العَظِيمِ اسْتَجِبْ لَنَا آمِينَ فَقُطِعَ دَابِرُ القَوْمِ الَّذِينَ ظَلَمُوا وَالحَمْدُ لِلهِ رَبِّ العَالَمِينَ وَصَلَّى اللهُ عَلَى سَيِّدِنَا مُحَمَّدٍ النَّبِيِّ الأُمِّيِّ وَعَلَى آلِهِ وَصَحْبِهِ وَسَلَّمَ

===== PDF PAGE 138 =====
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH, THE MOST COMPASSIONATE, MOST MERCIFUL

They say, "The Almighty has begotten a son!" Indeed, you have committed a gross error. The heavens almost disintegrate, the earth almost shatters, and the mountains almost crumble, because they attribute a son unto the Almighty. It never befits the Almighty that He begets a son. Everyone in the heavens and the earth is no more than a slave of the Almighty. He has counted as such each and everyone. All shall come to Him on the Day of Resurrection as helpless individuals. As for those who believe and do good works, the Almighty will bestow on them love. Thus, We herein deliver a clear message through your tongue (O Muhammad), that you may convey good news to the righteous ones, and to warn therewith the defiant ones.

(Sura Maryam 19:88-98)
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
[Quran 19:88-98 (Sura Maryam)] وَقَالُوا اتَّخَذَ الرَّحْمَنُ وَلَدًا لَقَدْ جِئْتُمْ شَيْئًا إِدًّا تَكَادُ السَّمَاوَاتُ يَتَفَطَّرْنَ مِنْهُ وَتَنشَقُّ الأَرْضُ وَتَخِرُّ الجِبَالُ هَدًّا أَنْ دَعَوْا لِلرَّحْمَنِ وَلَدًا وَمَا يَنبَغِي لِلرَّحْمَنِ أَنْ يَتَّخِذَ وَلَدًا إِنْ كُلُّ مَنْ فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالأَرْضِ إِلَّا آتِي الرَّحْمَنِ عَبْدًا لَقَدْ أَحْصَاهُمْ وَعَدَّهُمْ عَدًّا وَكُلُّهُمْ آتِيهِ يَوْمَ القِيَامَةِ فَرْدًا إِنَّ الَّذِينَ آمَنُوا وَعَمِلُوا الصَّالِحَاتِ سَيَجْعَلُ لَهُمُ الرَّحْمَنُ وُدًّا فَإِنَّمَا يَسَّرْنَاهُ بِلِسَانِكَ لِتُبَشِّرَ بِهِ المُتَّقِينَ وَتُنذِرَ بِهِ قَوْمًا لُدًّا

===== PDF PAGE 139 =====
[Arabic Basmala: In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful]

THE ISLAMIC CALENDAR
1395

1 - MUHARRAM 1395 (January 13 - February 11, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid, columns Fri/Sat/Sun/Mon/Tue/Wed/Thu, showing Hijri day numbers paired with corresponding Gregorian day numbers across five rows; January 1 marked 'New Year', January 22 marked 'Ashura'.]

2 - SAFAR 1395 (February 12 - March 13, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid as above.]

3 - RABI' I, 1395 (March 14 - April 12, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid as above; date corresponding to March 25 or thereabouts marked 'Maulid An-Nabi'.]

4 - RABI' II, 1395 (April 13 - May 11, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid as above.]

5 - JUMADA I, 1395 (May 12 - June 10, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid as above.]

6 - JUMADA II, 1395 (June 11 - July 9, 1975)
[Weekly calendar grid as above.]
[ARABIC BLOCKS]
بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيمِ
